I want 4 v 4 clash squad back. Where is it? I want it back. I want that back.
I wasn't asked to update. I LOVED the old version. This isn't user friendly at all. How many hands do you think people have? The controls are awful - a complicated mess. Also where's my review that I posted a few minutes ago?? Removed because you don't like the truth? You ruined a great game that I enjoyed. It was relaxing and fun now it's a complicated stressful mess. I have it on several platforms and it's now unplayable. Good job - NOT.
Updated. hmm Okay.... I apologize for being rude. but the app is not working correctly still. auto boost, ping boost, and FPS overlay in the advance section of settings don't do anything. They're not working. ALSO, where's the game tuner?? I can't tune my game at all.... there are no settings to increase performance of the game nor any things to change resolution. I actually want this app to work please.... and in the future I have some suggestions, email me if u want my ideas :-|
Malware! Where's my refund?
Where is the fps overlay I Just downloaded it for fps overlay waste of money :-(
Where is the main apps that have to download. Only the license that I already buy. Are you bankrupt?
Where is the core app? Really got banned from playstore?
What the heck! Where is app? I can't find that on play store anymore. What would I do with just licence? Cheating!
Where is the application money wastage for licence if i wont have the application
The new controls are absolutely awful the fact that everything is everywhere is annoying I prefer the old controls so much I've tried to learn the new controls but I just end up dying from the jump and grappling the lighting has also become really bad I can't see myself playing 5his nearly as much as I used to please for the love of god have an option in the game to have the old controls please
Really good where is ps4 bedrock tho
assassin's creed is a great game but where is the save cloud or save game plz update this game
Where is my messages 70% of it has gone 😟
extremely bad information i paid 5.99 and they didn't state you need a pc to activate and run the app because i don't have a pc and i cannot access one where is my money
Now what? Malware? OMG! It's enough. Moving out data and uninstall. Paid full but not full.
Your software is full of *** I recently read an article about Kaspersky discovering a trojan virus pushed by CamScanner Developper. I have the license installed but this license is not an app by iteself. The main app has to be be installed. And chances that you have a virus sitting in your phone. Uninstall CamScanner Immediately. Google search and you will know what Im talking about. I just scanned mine through kaspesky and found the virus, although I had another antivirus installed!!
quiet good actually i don't know what these guys talking about. i used this app with no problem.only hate that the fact you have to keep the usb debug on everytime you want to use the app.if you turn it off it will automatically unactivated the app which is annoying and after the activation you must restart the app.cause when i use the controller while already activated the app.the controller just wont work,but after restart it should be fine after all not bad but not that good 4 stars from me
stop leaving bad reviews this 100% works. You just have to know what your doing. Read the instructions and follow step by step
A little difficult getting activation, but it does work. I purchased it to play PUBG and it works as well. Just wish you would enhance the movements. like being able to run aim and shoot to the sides at the same time. seems like theres no way to do that. Every time you want to shoot an enemy that's on the side you have to stop aim and shoot. Please fix, or let me know what I'm doing wrong. Thank you
the app suddenly stopped working today. i deleted it and then download it, but it kept showing the download failed. i don't know what went wrong. please fix the problem as soon as possible.
I cant log into my Instagram on my phone after logging out and into someone else's. I dont know what's wrong but I have pictures that I can't get back. Please fix!
BEAUTIFUL, CUTE, DERPY AND FUNNY. This is an amazing game, i rated it 5 stars on everything, i dont know what else to say ^-^ its wonderful. GET THIS APP, IT WILL CHANGE UR LIFE
funny that he can talk and also this game is so fun that I can kill it kill it you know what I mean by that looks like all about the bass the judge outdoor Jodie outdoor outdoor survival
I do not like rating stuff that is low but the ads on this game is to redicules iy makes the app annoying and another thing is that I like it if we didn't have life's because I like playing the game and when I run out of life's I'm bored and dont know what to do hope I helped
Have a game with your ads! No, just download ads. Game has potential, but can hardly play it due to all the ads! Dot waste your time downloading this app of ads. There is a game in there somewhere, but you won't play it because if ALL THE ADS!!! Did I mention ads? No? Ads ads ads. And you know what? Ads ads ads ads ads. That is not even a fraction if how many ads you will see when trying to play the first 5 levels. Ads ads ads ads ads ads. Angering you yet? No? Ads ads ads ads ads...
I don't even know what to say
My GTA San Andreas game keeps crashing 10 seconds after I start to play , this has never happened before until now and I know for a fact that I have a strong internet and a good phone , I don't know what the problem is . I restarted my phone and deleted my game cache and it still crashed , can you please help !!
I don't think it's the right way for me but you can see that you are a good man but I don't think it is that the right to say it was an evil and or an American but I don't want you if it doesn't happen in your life you know what it is like that you are going to die and I don't want it to die because you can't get me into a war on me or something else you have no reason why I'm not here and I'm sorry for your wife you have no choice and the reason for the murder was the death penalty in your case
My older brother didin`t know what uninstall ment and lost all his world's and builds. I want mojang to give his stuff back.☹
Minecraft is a wonderful creative game.I would rate it 1000 or more if I could. I love my minecraft pets and I love how you challenge players with hardcore and survival and give them a great time creating past the limit with creative mode. The haters DON'T know what they're doing. It isn't minecraft's fault of laggyness and glitches and ect (sometimes glitches are fun). Copycats are just jealous, they just think that if they copy it will make them good well that is not true. AMAZING BEYOND WORDS
Zane has been asking me for money and he said that he would like to have the game on Saturday or else, but I don't have the money to pay for it and I don't know what to do about it. I got it to work but he turned it on and off for the next few weeks to get it done and he said Dad don't stop me from playing with my favorite game or else he needs help with his brain because he is addicted to the game tonight and he is not going to be able to make it to class today because I have a lot of money.
Great Game And Worth It, But Can You Put All The Recipes So We All Know What Materials We Get.... Please???
This was the best app ever when I bought it over a year ago. It transformed my Amazfit into something incredible. Since then the developer has continued to update and maintain this app, making the watch more powerful and more capable. The best app purchase I've ever made. It's like getting brand new better watches every few months! And now watch face support!!!!
Bought the app but not it infected by torjan. What to do now !?
I have paid for the license but the app is not installed TELL me what to do further. Such poor service is not acceptable. You cheat the people Pl refund the money paid There is no response from your end for more than four days. Poor service
While I have been using CamScanner for the last 5 years without any issues, my Lookout antivirus started reporting yesterday that CamScanner contains a virus and should be uninstalled. At this stage, I am undecided on what to do.
failed to activate on my poco f1 it says phone not found what to do dev???
Not fun tells me what to do
I love this gane but the starting fo the gameis not good they tell you what to do always
I do not like rating stuff that is low but the ads on this game is to redicules iy makes the app annoying and another thing is that I like it if we didn't have life's because I like playing the game and when I run out of life's I'm bored and dont know what to do hope I helped
I bought it on my tablet and it super lagging i uninstalled , then reinstalled with a better connection but it still happening umm idk what to do
The game keeps crashing, it won't let me generate worlds, keeps deleting my old ones, and when I try to go to another's world it won't pop up. It even glitches sometimes after force stopping the app because of so much problems. I rated this a 5, two years ago. Clearly it has gone downfall from that. Please help me, I have no idea what to do. I really want to fix this because I know how well and enjoyable this app is. I love this app. It sucks if it doesn't work forever. Thank you!!!
Zane has been asking me for money and he said that he would like to have the game on Saturday or else, but I don't have the money to pay for it and I don't know what to do about it. I got it to work but he turned it on and off for the next few weeks to get it done and he said Dad don't stop me from playing with my favorite game or else he needs help with his brain because he is addicted to the game tonight and he is not going to be able to make it to class today because I have a lot of money.
This aap is not working my phone what I do
I tbink pou os a very very good game but now u have tp pay for it am dthas what i dont like about it sorrry
The game is really fun. What I don't like is when you watch an ad for 100 coins it doesn't work. but overall it's great.
I DID upgrade to premium years ago, what is this? Furthermore, I find out you are doing Trojan viruses in your product? Everyone, avoid this product!
What is this. Today I purchased full version but there is no camscanner app in play store to download. Please respond.
What is this I hear that CamScanner has been removed from the PlayStore due to Malware? If this is true - not cool.
I am not able to open Cam scanner ( Licence ) app although I have paid Rs. 130/-... What is this? I tried several times!!! It is so inexpiable experience to me!!!! Pls do the needfull... Download is not happening ! Only retry is coming ! Although internet conn connection is available ! Plz.... I hv paid the amount !!!
The app is asking me the following literally (allow panda to access camera to take photos or videos)!!!!!!!! What is this for real are you kidding me?! Why would you want to take photos or videos?!?!?!
I am working best in this app but not given by 💰.so i want work my best and received money.your app best but not pay the money.what is this your problem in app.
I dont like this game and also they are not refunding me back what is this???
Something going on, ever since this new update happened; when I click on someone's profile it just goes white, and then when I try to press back it just goes white and it makes me exit the app and I I can't see anyone's profile unless it's on my feed.
Ooooooops what a good app
The new 1.3 update is great but ive had some problems the game crashes every hour or so not so much that its unplayable but kinda annoying and some of the controls should be in the corner instead of next to the joysticks im just walking around to get some more herbs to make some more potions for that really importantant boss and whoops my finger slips and there go all my potions or when im in a cave find some enemie and i accidently disable aim and use and go 5 seconds of not being able to attack
Fantastic so far just like ps2, only problem I have is i can only view the left hand side of the map in the menu screen, so starting off in los Santos is hard to navigate as I cant see where I am on the map as the cursor will not scroll that far right, rockstar please fix!!!!! Also players invest in a bluetooth game controller, it will make the gaming experience for this and other games so much better as in screen controls are not great for any game!
The main app doesn't even exist. I paid for this version and after installing, it asks to download the main app before use. I click on the link that they give me, and play store says, "app not found." What happened? I used this app in the past and loved it, but now I just paid for nothing.
I lost my save data. What happened? Everytime I clos the apps and then open it again, it always start from the beginning.
One of my favorite games of all time from the Play/App Store. It's hard at first but the touch & controls are great and after a few runs it gets fun & addicting. PLEASE UPDATE WITH MORE LEVELS AND GEAR UPGRADES!!! Dying to play more. Update: I purchased everything on this game and beat all the levels but somehow all of my progress is lost and I have to start from scratch! PLEASE HELP ME DEVELOPER! WHAT HAPPENED?
7$ plus allot of time and effort to setup I gave up after 20 min and got my refund.
Like others, bought full licence years ago and it worked great. Now it asks for more money, no thanks. Plus talk of installing virus on your phone, yikes. Time to uninstall.
Charging me extra for the very features I already paid for?? No thanks.
NINETY FIVE dollars for qr scanner. no thanks.
how can a simple qr reader app be full of ads to be used otherwise requiring an annual plan playment to be used? No thanks
I tried this app, because I liked its random nature & thought it was a good blend of a natural & virtual way of meeting folks. Turns out its mainly a cash grab tht preys on the desperate & the lonely. "How badly do you want to connect with someone ? give us $120 for the year & we think we can help you". 3 free messages upon installation & no more without a paid subscription is totally unacceptable, I can do much more & have much more, for much less. Thanks but no thanks. Totally sucks !
You watch ads 15 to 30 seconds after EACH game. A game takes 10 seconds to complete. You spend more time watching ads then playing the game .. no thanks..App deleted.
Playing this on my soft modded Switch. Modders do what Nintendon't! If the Android mod were to run on the Switch's internal storage instead of a micro SD card (no thanks, willpass) I'm sure all the hiccups of the game would get sorted out.
I tried this app, because I liked its random nature & thought it was a good blend of a natural & virtual way of meeting folks. Turns out its mainly a cash grab tht preys on the desperate & the lonely. "How badly do you want to connect with someone ? give us $120 for the year & we think we can help you". 3 free messages upon installation & no more without a paid subscription is totally unacceptable, I can do much more & have much more, for much less. Thanks but no thanks. Totally sucks !
Not sure how to best use this myself. This doesn't help as it isn't creating a link and it doesn't allow copy!? 🤔
i am not able to upgrade my happn premium .whenever i try to do payment it says transaction failed i tried with different card but it was unhelpful.please do support
I tried login my premium account via phone number but everytime i try login it creates new account now how can i login to my old premium account, help me recover it please its important i have 1 year premium subscription
I have purchased happn premium subscription. Recently I changed my mobile and when I try to login using my credentials, premium subscription is not getting activated. Please help to restore my account to use premium subscription
I am trying to make a new account but it is saying that I can't because my email address has been used but this is my 1st account and then when I try use my email adress for the log in but need help part it says no account found what do I do?
I gave it a 4 stars beacause. When i post any message the app stopped working! Please help me. Why it always stop!
really bummed I paid for it and am not able to access game all it says is to reach out to their Twitter account:/ if u could help me get this fixed
I am stuck on the first page it says connecting, but later it pop ups as error ,please help me with this other wise I need my refund
One of my favorite games of all time from the Play/App Store. It's hard at first but the touch & controls are great and after a few runs it gets fun & addicting. PLEASE UPDATE WITH MORE LEVELS AND GEAR UPGRADES!!! Dying to play more. Update: I purchased everything on this game and beat all the levels but somehow all of my progress is lost and I have to start from scratch! PLEASE HELP ME DEVELOPER! WHAT HAPPENED?
When I am on burglary mission, I cannot find the houses with yellow marker to be broken into. Please help fix it. Manual aim also seems to be inaccurate, unlike the pc version. please fix this too.
it's a good game but for some reason now when I get on it now it crashes can you help me
i had uninstalled it due to exams but when i downloaded it again the game wouldn't let me sign into the social club where my entire game is saved. it is my earnest request to the makers to help me.
I cant play it. When I get to the game, the screen keep going around in the circle. CJ keep looking around I cant go nowhere. I have chromebook. Can you help. I just purchased again because i really want to play. I cant refund now, so plz help
Awesome game but every other day it will close and go to my homepage. Can you help?
The game keeps crashing, it won't let me generate worlds, keeps deleting my old ones, and when I try to go to another's world it won't pop up. It even glitches sometimes after force stopping the app because of so much problems. I rated this a 5, two years ago. Clearly it has gone downfall from that. Please help me, I have no idea what to do. I really want to fix this because I know how well and enjoyable this app is. I love this app. It sucks if it doesn't work forever. Thank you!!!
This is a good game but it keeps crashing i cant even create a world because of this i have a g pad 7.0 lte and its a version 5.0.2 and it keeps crashing send help
The update has finally come, but the controls are too complicated and things like 'the spirits of light and dark have been released' are delayed. Edit: there is a glitch where the lunatic cultist doesn't spawn when you use a teleporter to teleport one of the other lunatic things and kill them. I accidentally saved my most important world like that and now it's screwed. Please help me.
