COMENTARIO
After I bought the app, I can't download the main app. The app is not working
Excellent Quality Scans Scans & directories make it a Great tool.
current version of core application has been removed from Play Store by Google. lost all scanned files.
Supposedly has malware
My antivirus gave a pop up saying 'Trojan-Dropper.AndroidOS.Necro.n' detected. And hence uninstalled this beautiful application. Kindly get a fix for this.
Really? Actual app is a Trojan? Removed by Google. I paid you guys!
Is it true that your app has a hidden trojan?
Its a virus
Has a virus installed with it
They just selling ads and installing trojan for more money, bought paid version thinking its good unfortunately camscanner repo is all down now just cause they feel money is more important then service
App not downloaded after payment
Malware! Beware
Installed malware. Might be clean now but it doesn't matter. Screw up once and you're done. Can't believe I paid for this. Office lens and Google drive have the same functionality now too so. Let this company die.
Paid for the full version, now appeared it is no longer full. Bad way for making a business.
I used this app for a longtime. Very useful and worked fine. But my virus guard detected virus and removed this app. Later I wanted to install CS again but no free version available and paid. App requested to install full version from play store, but get error, app cannot find. I requested a refund. What wrong with this useful app
Bought the app but not it infected by torjan. What to do now !?
It is suggested by media to deleted app immediately as there is some malware issue. And even google has deleted from its server. I have purchased few months back only. I would to get refund now.
Do NOT buy this app. Malware and Trojan. Also started to charge extra even if you already payed for it. Stay away! Should have zero stars!
Paid for the license but now the yearly subscription setup exists. If you sell a car you can't then turn around later and say actually I'm only going to rent it to you now. Plus, latest reports indicate presence of Trojan virus. Bad form all around.
I hope i get my refund for the license purchased as CamScanner is taken off PlayStore!!
Bought the full version and became a user of the fool version. What's the point of paying premium when there's an additional monthly subscription to it. No use whatsoever, such a waste of money. On top of that, I came to know that this app is malware and has been pulled off play store. Now my important scanned data is in the hands of thugs. Such a shame they don't even have customer support to speak about it. Give me my refund and erase my precious data already!
MALWARE! Stay out. I had paid for this app and it was fine for a while (2+ years) but has since removed most of the premium features and now has malware in the app code.
Not worth it
Why i can't use this app. I already pay money😭
Reported for Trojans
No associated app!
Not working
Trojan? Google should refund us.
SCAMMER
Paid the subscription yet the app says 'download main application' as I hit download button, nothing happens ..keeps taking me to Retry. Had this app successfully for 3 years . Had to reinstall due to factory reset. Lost all document and app is inert.
Useless sibce they moved into a subacription model and also after Kaspersky found Chinese malware on it.
I DID upgrade to premium years ago, what is this? Furthermore, I find out you are doing Trojan viruses in your product? Everyone, avoid this product!
Where. Is the main application? I have purchased but not able to install main app.
I paid for a license and now they take my rights away. Cheaters. Uninstalled and replaced by Office Lens.
Please refund me one of amount, that I have charged twice on same time, please guide me that how I can unblock the blocked futures, as the play store sending message of "not found"
I wonder why Google removed your app from playstore?
I wouldnt recommend this app for how it turned its back on its user base and their recent exposure of having malware run on your phone. Uninstalled.
App has been discovered to install malware on phones (The Register, 28/9/2019)
Malware trash. Google should refund all the people who got camscammed into buying this.
Fake, doesnt even start with scanning, not authenticated. Forged app.
Bait-and-switch scammers and to top things up the app turns out to include malware. Uninstalled for good. Never buying anything from this developer again and I suggest others dump them too.
After paying and installing the app it did not upgrade to full version keeps saying "Item not found" Retry.
You scammers! I demand my money back!
New update contains a trojan
I had paid for the premium version. After they updated the app i was no longer a premium member and now am being pestered to buy ! AGAIN! Also recently they have installed a trojan due to which they are ablr to access data. Rrad pnline about it. Big time CHEATS..
Not working...main application not downloading
Google has removed Cam Scanner from Plsy store
I installed the paid version. Paid for it. And the original CS CamScanner is not available. Why the heck then would you actually charge me?
I purchased this app and then found out that it had hidden code containing malware. It is sense been removed from the Google play store and i no longer have a working app.
I'm very unhappy to have paid only to find out today that the developeds added Trojans to the application in the most recent update.
Please help me. I have paid license but not working
Very good
Cheaters, who siletely transform lifetime paid license to nothing but also included trojan dropper to newer versions. Better uninstall and forget.
Uninstalled after malware news
Paid for the license a while back, now they want more money for me to access what i already paid for.... uninstalled. Do not buy from this Dev.
Malware - check the news story on this app
Not like before even the premium version has lots of adds and restrictions
Signup paid cannot download keeps saying try again over and over i refunded my money
What is this. Today I purchased full version but there is no camscanner app in play store to download. Please respond.
What's up with the Trojan dropper deal?
Something wrong in this app
Seems that your original app got removed for malware° shame on you for violating all the trust over the years.
actually a terrible app. the full version never pops up on the app store so I can't even use this one even after I paid for it
Great product. Doea as it says in the name.
Why cam scanner is not available for download?
Problematic
This is not a full version. Id cards cannot be scanned. Again they are forcing you to buy another premium version.
License unlocks very minimal features
Mast
I have paid for the app. Now its asking me to download the main features. If I click on download it says can't be found. I can't use it at all
I purchased this app at Rs. 130, app got installed too. But, when i open this particular app it is asking me to download the main application, that which is not available on the app store.
Paid for the license and now they want more money for a subscription to get the features they already charged me for. Now I find out there is a malware in the app and I have to delete it. They get to keep the money and run, what a deal! Company is nothing but TJM (Total Jerk Moves). RUN AWAY FROM THIS APP ASAP.....
no work I lost my money
This app has trojan
Read that they now have added a Trojan to their app. Also they have removed features that I paid for.
Can't use the app. It tells me to download another app, but it's missing from the app store.
IT HAS MALWARE, DO NOT INSTALL
Greedy developers ruined a great app.
Like others, bought full licence years ago and it worked great. Now it asks for more money, no thanks. Plus talk of installing virus on your phone, yikes. Time to uninstall.
Just read that the developer had installed malware in their cam scanner app. Deleted. I will be demanding a refund.
This app has become a fraud and loaded with Malware. Do not use. I am uninstalling after years of use.
Paid user for years, Aug 2019 article on Ars Technica tells a sordid story about how the app this unlocks installs malicious software in the background after the app is installed.  Would like to know how to get a refund.
Malware.
What happened to the main CamScanner app, it got infected with some kind of dropper virus, then I can't find it on Play Store, all my data is also gone?!! Please do something about it, it is very unfortunate.
Not upholding original pro licenses. The company has scammed existing people users by forcing a subscription model and KAPERSKY have just reported that the free version of the App is full of Malware, Google have now withdrawn that app. Scam developers stay well clear.
Recent version has malware load.
Paid for license, now a subscription is required and they are pushing an ad library with viruses. That's just unacceptable. Sincerely hope for a class action lawsuit just so this company is destroyed.
Norton is saying can scanner is malware. That is pretty unfortunate.
Give me my Refund your app has malware google has deleted it.. I need my refund as the Main app is not available on play store...
Collected my money than changed what I got for my price later on.
*My review got deleted!* I purchased the app long before the subscription model. The app is great but the business model is not. Intrusive ads are terrible, especially after I bought the app. I still believe us early purchasers should be able to keep our premium features without ads.
Changed phone, had to download again just to find that I had no other option than download the paid version. I did, and it directs me to download the "main app", which then prompts and error. Fix it or refund my money.
This app used to be my go to for document scanning. Now it's laden with viruses and intusive ads even with the paid version. There are better alternatives on the market now
Was working fine, was forced into upgrading to full version if wanted to continue, did not work afterwards. Shame was a good app.
Great app packed with malware according to kaspersky
Had this app for years. Sad when dev's get greedy, unfortunately I have seen bad judgment over greed on the Play Store for years. Besides the changes made to the paid for version, this app has been flagged as installing malware. Check our the news 8/28/19
CHEATER!
Going from one time payment to Monthy subscription service without notifying users. Wow.
Payment Rs 130 made, but while installing, download is not happening. Cheating?
Feeling cheated 😡
Need refund since the app is no longer available on the store
I paid for the pro version years ago, instead of passing on the full version to the early backers, I got rolled back to the free version. Works well enough usually, but that kind of business practice is the deal breaker to me. Also an article was released recently that says there was a Trojan virus found in this app.
Beautiful app but due to recent news about malicious app I am very sorry for uninstalling it. It's pitty you guys messed up with your name.
Paid Rs. 130.00 through Google pay for licence but cannot download the full version.
Seems have virus included since last couple month!
It appears that this company has injected a trojan into the application to spy on its customers. This application necessitates TRUST, as it is used for scanning sensitive documents. Please read Kaspersky Labs recent warning about this once great application.
Its not working but got debited from my accout
Beware! Attackers can remotely hijack your Android device and steal data stored on it, if you are using CamScanner. So, to be safe, just uninstall the CamScanner app from your Android device now, as Google has already removed the app from its official Play Store.
Makes everything so convenient!!
The CamScanner app has been removed from playstore. Now how to use the license?
Cheaters. Give my money back😠😠😠😠😠😠
Trojan infected, beware
I paid for this license and you put a Trojan in your app. conniving thieves.
REFUND MY MONEY IMMEDIATELY
I purchased this but showing main file not founf
If you are not able to provide paid features in previous offered license price that you offered last time in the name of License Fee, then please refund the money to all paid users.
Are you planning to bring CamScanner back to play store without malwares this time?
Ridiculous! I just paid and it tells me I have to download a full version ,when I try to download it tells me it can not be found.wasted my money.
Rs 130 cut from my account.but app not working.
Hi, I have paid for the licensed version and when I try to open it, it asks me to download main application, when I try to download main application from Google Play Store, it says 'Item Not Found'. Resolve this issue urgently, or refund the amount.
How does an app go from 5 stars to only one? By cheating holders of existing paid licenses: removing features they had previously paid to access, and requiring a new subscription to get them back. I understand subscriptions are more sustainable, and makes sense for new licences; but taking back functionality from legacy paid licences is unethical. The company cannot be trusted.
Cam Scanner (License) not working. After reinstalling facing bad linking for download to google store say item not found.
Full version different with premium version. Damn, day after dear become smarter to take our money.
Malware in recent version. Was decent app.
I can't download the main application(Item not found)
Played games with users after they paid for an app. I get offering a paid version to remove ads but then to remove functionality and try to charge a subscription to get it back. They then pushed malware to their app. You have a great product that has value yet you wanted to squeeze money out of us. Adobe and Microsoft have competing products that are better. Also some open source alternatives exist now that are functional.
I have 2 issues- 1. I recently lost my phone. However I couldnt just reinstall the camscanner app on my new phone with my old account. It gave me no option without purchasing. 2. Now that i have made the payment im unable to open the app. What is going on? Either, refund the payment or sort the issue out.
Good
I just read about malware being written into this app and found by Kaspersky Labs. Uninstalling and refusing any scans from Cam Scanner users.
Not able to open app
Wow. First you change your T&Cs for people who bought a licence to make it a subscription, then you managed to add malware, albeit by accident. Uninstalled.
Don't purchase it. CamScanner app is loaded with malware (Google for more info) and there is no difference between base edition and pro edition except watermark removal.
I have happily been using this app for years. Unfortunately, ArsTechnica just reported that CamScanner recently started infecting phones with a Trojan horse. You can find the article on their website.
Required the main app which was not available this waiting money and time
I bought the app and installed it. Now when I open it is showing you have to download main app. When i click on download button there it opens play store and shows item not found
One star for Malware
It says you need full version. Link doesn't work.
Why why why
Doesn't work
I had uninstalled the main app, and purchased the paid one. Now I am unable to open camscanner as the original app is not available. Please help. This way I have lost my money and cannot even use the app.
Malware
used to like it, but it won't open now. I installed it again and bought the license in 130 bucks. Now whenever I open it, it says "You have to download the main application" and when I click on it, it takes me to Playstore with a blank page stating "Item not found"
Doesn't work!
Must have app
Google have temporarily removed CamScanner due to malware being found in the product that could allow remote control or data exfiltration from your device. With that and all the other shady business practises, it's time for me to dump it for good. I wouldn't recommend this product as the developed cannot be trusted.
This is a scam. Not openning after paying
Recently, Kaspersky found this app contains a add-malware
Trojan file. Don't download. Stole my credit information and got robbed. Chinese people are messed up! This company are thieves and will steal your information.
Has trojan!!???
I am unable to download the app. Please refund my money.
Where is the application money wastage for licence if i wont have the application
I was not able to download the app. It shows item not found.I clicked on refund and did not get my refund as well
What's with "HEUR:Trojan-Dropper.AndroidOS.Necro.n" huh... Sneaking Trojan's and malicious files bastards...
Uninstalled because Malware found in your app. Not gonna install again, ever!!!
Bhar app hai sirf lutne ka kam kar raha hai
Contains Trojan installer. Its actually a real shame as this app was really good. Disappointed.
Please please....I have just perchased license for 130 rs...but after that full version app is not available there for me....not finding on play store....Please help...I am using redmi note4 android handset......
there is a trojan dropper.android.necro(VIRUS).So i request all to backup ur files and delete this virus infected app.my kaspersky is keep on insisting.
This is cheating, no main application available on Google Play store. I paid for this app, when I open this app, it asks to download main app and when I click download, Google play store says Item not found. Beware, they are just swindling people, there is no app for scanning, just paid license.
It does not work without the basic APP, which has viruses inside
License revoked from developers. Virus reported by Kaspersky.
Just came to know this idiots are having malware underneath their app in free version.
Another Chinese piece of sht developer who put malware into their app in order to steal ad revenue and exe ute malicious code on customer's phone. Look it up.
Dev gone greedy, bought license years ago and now they changed features without any information and asking for monthly subscription.
Had paid but could not download. Need the refund for the money paid
Beware of this app. It is straight up malware! The ads in it are malicious. Also, I paid for the app and now it's worth nothing because it turned into a monthly subscription, which for an app like this is ridiculous. There are apps that do the same job, most of the times way better, that only require one time payment or cost nothing at all. It used to be such a great app but what CamScanner did is nothing short of a scam!
What the heck! Where is app? I can't find that on play store anymore. What would I do with just licence? Cheating!
Lot of advertisements. The showing advertisements are cheap and vulgar. Uninstalling.
First we have the bait and switch with the premium features moving to a subscription model, then they're bundling malware in the main app and now the app has been removed from the store completely (at least in the UK). The removal is definitely for the best and while I feel cheated at not receiving a refund, I've been using Scanbot for the last 2 years and it's far more effective.
Antivirus scanner found Android.Triada.4129 injected. Bad way to do business.
Malware in the app
Now includes a virus free of charge.
Malware, trojan, unsafe chinese app
Unable to down load the app. Keep getting msg app not found.
Injects Trojan. Malware alert.
Wont download to my S9
This app as a serious malware which hacks your complete phone . Users uninstall immediately
annoying premium offer
Pos scammers. There is a Trojan in all their apps. They will steal your info! Go to hell you fks
Sadly MALWARE TROJAN DETECTED... Used to be the Best Phone Scanner to PDF/Image
According to Kaspersky this app now contains a Trojan virus. DO NOT DOWNLOAD. I paid for this app. Developer should be ashamed.
What's with the trojan?!
First they take away the premium features i paid for then they roll out a trojan malware...?!
I paid for the app and now I'm not premium anymore
Actual app contains a trojan as reported by bleeping computer
ติดตั้งแอพแล้วแต่โหลดฟังก์ชันอะไรไม่ได้เลย
Had to uninstall free version due to malware. However upon purchasing licensed version, it asks me to download main app but the link to PlayStore app is broken. Had to request refund!
I also bought this app years ago. Now they want me to pay a subscription. Forget it. On top of that, seems like the developers have snuck malware / Trojan into their code. These are dishonest people, steer clear. I'm a business customer and will be telling all my clients and partners to spread the word, don't install this app.
Malware galore, google "camscanner malware trojan". UNINSTALL IF YOU HAVE THIS INSTALLED
Didn't get premium features
MALWARE! This app has been found downloading Trojan viruses to Android phones and charging people secretly or showing more ads. This app has also stolen my money, taking my paid features away and trying to subscribe me to a monthly rate.
I need my money back you cheaters can see malware review everwhere on google search
Contains a trojan dropper. The latest update contained a trojan dropper than can download and execute anything on your phone. Also, paid full apps now reverted back to free limited. Deceptive and I want a refund.
Cool!!!
Paid for it and tried to install it. However when I click on Camscanner icon I get a message that you need to download the app. When I try to do so I get a message saying not found.
Why does Soundblast consider this as a malware? On my work phone it is now requesting me to remove the app. @CamScanner could you please resolve this issue
DO NOT BUY - app has been reported to deliver melicious payloads withiut user authorization.
Nice trojan
Purchased long ago now it has Trojan Dropper malware. Don't download. Wish I would have never paid for it.
Used to like this and bought full version. Now company reneged on it and want subscription. Just saw a story about them including a trojan in their code. Do not use. Uninstall now.
Used to like this and bought full version. Now company reneged on it and want subscription. Just saw a story about them including a trojan in their code. Do not use. Uninstall now.
contains malicious module
I used this app long ago and it was great but then they decided to start serving up Trojans to their customers. Greedy. They deserve to go down.
Malware found, uninstalled. Too bad, was an awesome app.
Trojan on old versions
Before you install, research this app. Google Camscanner Kaspersky Labs. It's a shame, this was a great app that I used regularly.
Main version not found.... Free version not found.... Can't use licensed version..... Fake app
Worthless. New phone required reinstall and now apparently my purchased license is useless. No clear explanation by developer on this change, had to read reviews to determine why user ID wasn't recognized. Moving on.
scam.I could not find the app on the Play store
RIP off! I paid downloaded and when I try to open it it says most download main app. When I click download it says item not found.
..excellent but today my cs scaner totally stop I don't why.doesen work
Im installed a licensed CamScanner, but it wont open, it ask for download main app. Once try to download, it pop up the item are not found. Now I go for refund.
Paid for the pro verson years ago and now you want me to pay monthly. Not ok. For anyone else looking, Google Drive App now has a scan function that will scan single and multi page .pdf files into your drive built right into the app. No need for a seperate scanning app let alone one thst just takes your money and runs.
This app used to be great, but even after paying for it adverts and spam galore. And now the reports from kapersky of malicious payload it cannot be trusted.
Bad Support & Recently found to have a malware payload. From the bad/non-existant support I've received in the past regarding their faxing service (for which I paid) to the recent Ars Technica article regarding CamScanner developers circumventing Google Play security protocols to inject the latest update with malware code, finally uninstalling this marginally useful software was a no-brainer! Also, in case you're wondering, I paid for the software license.
MALWARE
TRUST!? Even though after the amount in full you include trojan dropper and infect the devices. What rubbish buisness model. Wow.!
Paid for the license years ago, now it is garbage. Goodbye.
Has malware that and charges yearly subscription fee even after buying full version
Trojan malware installed by main app. Do not trust
I cant see the app anymore! Please help!
Trojan.
Just read an article this app and license is now out of China and is a problem app causing havok on you data. Installing and reporting
Trojan-Dropper.AndroidOS.Necro.n, they're better be a damn good explanation for this
Infected with Malware, don't install.
This app is a virus... DON'T INSTALL IT!!!
It does not open and i have purchased it why?
Was infected by Trojan. Won't take another risk
Recently updated to contain malware. Just google "Cam Scanner malware"
Trojan built in, that is so bad!! Uninstalled
Heed the warnings. Camscanner app contains malware. Was a good app but now there's Trojan Dropper malware.
Was great, now can't find main app on playstore, can't use licensed version withou it, unistalled altogether, have to find another app
Malicious App: CamScanner was a legitimate app that provided useful functions for scanning and managing documents. To make money, the developers displayed ads and offered in-app purchases. Then, at some point things changed. The app was updated to add an advertising library that contained a malicious module. This component was what’s known as a “Trojan dropper,” meaning it regularly downloaded encrypted code from a developer-designated server then decrypted and executed it on infected devices.
Virus found in the main CamScanner app. How could the developer destroy so many years of trust and a base of 100 million downloads in Google Play?
What the bloody hell i have paid the amount of rs 130 amd downloaded the file but while opening its showing file not found
Researchers found a Trojan Dropper malicious module hidden within the Android app CamScanner downloaded over 100 million times by Google Play Store users... This is a BAD app!!!
Dishonesty is not something you pay for. Look for one of many other good apps. Stay away from that app.
It is malware. Beware. Google for more info
You have to be a special kind of soulless dipshit to push goddamn malware on people who gave you money for app.
Adware, viruses, avoid this company
Adware, viruses, avoid this company
App not working waste of money..very dissatisfied
Malicious trojan dropping ad scheme, used to be a great app. Paid for the app and now they want a monthly subscription... GFYS!
Wow, learning that this software was updated with trojan. Keep away from this company.
Doesnt work
Used to be good, now it remove your lisence and add Trojan !
After paying for full version it asks for subscription..??
Trojan carrier, AVOID.
Not what I was expecting, watermark don't work at all.
This app was mentioned by name today in an arstrchica article. It has trojan malware components that it installs. I paid for this a long time ago, but luckily I did not have it installed on my new phone.
I'm not sure if I dont know how to use it but it wont let me in it keeps saying retry 😫
Can't find main app of Cam Scanner in play store. Even in browsers when I click on Cam Scanner app link. It says "Item not found."
Suddenly app not working. I cant even open the app.
Awesome
For what have I paid you when again and again the app is asking for money.
Buying this app for nothing.
Could not able to find main app
i had paid for licensed version and now i realised that they have removed all the features.. utter wastage of money..
Amount debited but unable to download the app
No installed
Great
Ok
Ok, I purchased the license but the app itself disappeared from Google play!
I have paid for licence but when I try to install I get a response that the app in not available. What is the problem?
Didnt even qork to download. The app wouldnt even allow me to open passed to first svreen. Refund requested
This app is not working after installation and Rs. 130 has also been deducted. Is there any way of getting refund?
Unable to download the main version despite paying for it. It is not available in Google playstore
No app found
Not open
It wont let me download the full App
Kaspersky android scan shows trojan-dropper.androidos.necro.n virus alarm..?
"content not found" when i click to download camscanner app. i want refund.
Deactivated my lifetime licence because of price increase. I purchased the full licence in 2017 for£1.79, now the app is really popular they increased it to £285! I'm back to a basic licence and they want me to pay the new charge to have the full licence.
worst app of the world ..after the purchase it take more than half hour to sign in and sign up..and all my docs are also delete and i can't access any
this app installing trojan virus, says my Kaspersky, contacted through email but no reply so far. hence removing this paid version of Chinese app
Virus detected... uninstalled... please fix
Very good
Even though they charged me for this i downloaded it and opened the app just to find out i cant use it. It keeps telling me that i have to download the original file and when i click on the redirect link it shows that the page is unavailable. I want my money back
Virus.. no good.. doesn't work anymore
Your product not found.
I have purchased the license copy. I hane installed it on mobile. when I try to open it it asks to download the main application. When I press the tab to download the application , ' itenm not found " messages comes... please guide..
I paid and downloaded and when I went to get the full app..it said the item couldnt be found 😳
After recent update of purchased version it asked for main application to download/update, but the main application is not in play store. Now this is of no use.
No open this
I purchased this paid app from Google Play Store. However, when I try installing the download button appears. Upon submitting the download option, the screen appears as ltem not found, try again. Total waste of money, dont know how to get refund now. Suggest be careful before buying.
Payment done but not able to use it   Massage   You have to download the main application  and  Item not found
After downloading from Google play app tells me I have to download the main app and then the link brings me to a notification saying item not found. App will not download or install And is unusable
I have been using this software for many years now...and recently Kaspersky Antivirus triggered an alarm for Trojan attack risk in the base apk, due to which I had to uninstall the product. Full license also I had purchased. Is the company trying something to eradicate the trojan attack and keep up the customer base?
Just downloaded the $1.99 app, then a screen comes up on my phone that says.. CamScanner Full Version.  Advanced features unlocked in this application: ad-free, upload pdf files without watermarks, make unlimited annotations, high quality scan.  You have to download the main application.  DOWNLOAD When I click DOWNLOAD, Google Play says 'Item not found.'  RETRY.  RETRY does nothing.  Help.
This god darn app doesn't allow me to use premium features even after i purchased the license. I don't know why these inexperienced developers try to run businesses beyond their capabilities. I'm moving to Adobe scanner.
i paid for the app and its not working
I'm quite vexed to see that suddenly CamScanner stops working on my OnePlus 6T - apparently my phone is no longer supported. Up until last evening, the app was working fine. Can the developers please explain why this abrupt move?
I can't find your main app. 😕
Latest update had a Heur Trojan virus - detected using a phone antivirus App. Have emailed the developer twice so far, but the virus has not been removed.
Unable to use the license version after installation. It is asking to download additional file which are not available
I just paid for this app and it is not at all working. I feel completely cheated.
As of writing this, the app has been removed from the store! I guess too many reports of the their shady business practice.
Nice app
Not useful at all.not able to proceed after paying
Not able to attach docs to mail
It's not working
Disgusting app..money wastage app only.even i dont wanna give the single star also
Don't buy this aap. They are doing froud with people. There is no aap it is only wallpaper of aap.
Cant download after buy license.. ( no item .. ) can you help me..?
Not good
After a year of use today my antivirus detected this app as threat, some trojan dropper. Waste of paying for this app.
The main app is missing from the app store
It's recently infected by an virus named Heur Trojan I have cancelled my subscription after 1 years of use It doesn't have any help centre after contacting the Developer and no response after mailing them also.
I have reviewed many scanning apps (on YouTube at "The App Affair"), but CamScanner has undoubtedly been the best one out there for so many years now...
At first it was one time purchase, not it's subsription with all previous privileges revoked...
Refund my money now I bought the app to anable full features not to pay extra money to have features i have already bought Shame on you
Very Helpful App!
Feel cheated by the company already bought the licence still asking me to pay for premium membership. It is camSCAMMER it is what it is. And not CamScanner.
what is up with the new terms all of a sudden? charge for "pro" version, then start charging a yearly fee for some extra features? charging once isn't enough? might look elsewhere for my scanning needs. I'd like to hear a response to this. i feel cheated. Update: It seems I'm not alone here. This app will be uninstalled. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS APP, OR DEVELOPER.
Licence No longer supports premium features
Doesnt have any effect and you still have to pay prescribttion fees after you buy it! I bought it a while ago, it used to work but now it doesnt,, very frustrating and scammish.
This is the best application I have used for scanning purpose. I had purchased full version. However, I have forgotten it's password. But Web Page for password reset doesn't upload in multiple attempts. Please guide
My anti-virus app flagged a Trojan virus in the last update apk. Not Good.
Money wasted.turns out to be a trojan carrier.
Great app
Have already buy it but cannot open.
It's a fake app, don't download. They charge money and there's nothing when you open it
Can't find app
Not working
Stating to download main application. Upon clicking it is saying item not found
After paying amount, the full version of the app not working
Good and Effectively works
Need refund as the app is blacklisted by google
I purchased the app about a month ago and it's no longer use able. The support site now says it was affected by a virus of some sort. BUYERS BEWARE!!
Longtime user but the app contained malware due to the use of a third-party ad software which installed on the device. This a bad decision on their part and I no longer recommend these developers due to their shady business and also poor choices.
Has virus
Hat Virus
Unable to inatall main version and not able to use thia app
App would not install/open properly. I kept getting error message "item not found." I'm happy to pay $1.99 for this app; I used it a lot when it was free. But it's not working after I paid for it, so I selected "refund."
Fed up with nags to subscribe to more expensive version than the paid version I already have with this license. "Business version", "Premium version"... I cannot even close the app without a nag. Come on guys, is there no way that you can be less obtrusive and intrusive?
I paid for this and when I went to open it it said I have to down load something else...I clicked down load and it said it cant be found so I ended up having to refund it ..???
Such a great app but their reputation has forever been destroyed. It's also pathetically greedy thai I paid for a Pro license but they still put ads in the app.
Would not work said it was indtslled but would not do anything said to downloaisd fill versipn but when tried it said noy availablr
Can't Download tHe App
Downloaded because CamScanner was my preferred scanner app. After downloading it said I had to download the main app (this one has zero function). The main app isn't even available for download anymore.
Greedie f*gtz! Moreover, seems like the app start to deliver some malware? Just leave the market
Please get the main app as fast as you can.
I used to have this app when it was free. Kaspersky antivirus identified a Trojan in this app. So I uninstalled it. Now I tried to get it again and its $1.99. Fine, I can deal. But then it would not download the app after buying the license. Kept getting a message saying "page not found...retry". Ridiculous. Oh and I have a paid premium subscription that I cannot use now. Thanks a lot.
Wrong h ye
Had this app for years, paid for licence. Now it's suddenly won't let me access my account without paid upgrade. Typically unscrupulous.
Not working cannot open
Very bad experience, even i took paid app, but not downloaded
I paid for the premium version, however now, the main app has been removed from the playstore, due to which this is of no use. Thus please resolve this issue at the earliest. And anyone reading this, please do not buy this licensed version, as there is no base app on playstore for Camscanner currently.
Great experience
You cheater i have purchaged Camscanner Now why did you removed it from play store, Your company is fraud, i want my money back, otherwise i will go for consumer court, reply me why have you removed it?
I had downloaded it paid for it but still not working Its fake
This is cheating app amount has been deducted from my account and not working this app. This is waist of time and money. Please dont download this app
Not able to download main applications
Where the hell can I download the app? Oh yeah, it's virus infected... Great value for money.
Worst app i want my money back
Virus Issue
Paid, could not download
Buyer beware! In order to use this, you must first have the ad-based version, which is no longer available. Don't buy this unless you're upgrading from the free version. They did refund my purchase since I couldn't use it.
Does not work
Pro version is great.
Paid for the app but no app to use, I have just paid £1.79 for this app but unable to use as it says to download the main application but unable to as it's not found. Also response to my e-mail not actioned. Will be requesting a refund!!!!
I have paid but cam scanner not opened.Please guide me.
After purchasing Licence app toldme to download full version but not appear on play store no any attachments for screenshot for difficulty
Excellent app, Thanks Dev.
These guys got malware on one of their version, also their pricing is now a joke, time to move on
I couldn't download app plz help
Q
Why is this still on play store, when the actual app has been pulled? I liked the app previously, so hopefully they figure out their malware trouble. I didn't know that the app was pulled, and purchased this. Well this license "app" is useless until the actual app is back in playstore.
item was not found
Scam !!! Give me a refund. Bought license. Cannot even open app. Says I have to download another version. When I hit the download button redirects to play store and says not available. Useless. Waste of time
Sir 130+70=200₹ pey krne ke baad bhi nahi chal raha ji
My money cut but not installed I want my money back
I purchased a licensed version of cam scanner but licenced is not active. Please refund my money
I am unable to download the main software app in play store.... Paid and installed the license.
May be its fake apps ...there is the issue to open this app..first step shown to unlocked advance feature and show download it but that features are not available.. i request to developer to solve my proble m or give my money back.
after i have purchased licence developer demanding more money for monthly or yearly subscription. then return my money that you got when i did purchase. afterthat i will think what should i do.
Problem with downloading the main application when updated to new license version. Main application not found on Google play. App not working. Previous version is best for scanning.
Excellent
I have made ₹130/online payment on 30/08/2019 for the Cam scanner license version But the download of camscanner shows that it is not there at all. Why u making fool to people?
I don't want malware on my phone!
This program has been very useful to me to take pictures of documents i wanted to keep it share, but i am uninstalling it due to several reports that the app began installing malware. Too bad.
Very bad app It has charged us and it is not working now I will do complaint about it to customer care
when I paid for in downloaded the app it said I needed to download the mean version and gave me a link when I click on that link it said that that version was no longer accessible so i never got to use the application
I believe the developer intentionally distributes malware. Go get open note scanner instead.
Very useful app
Trojan!!
the app is been removed and what the fk is yearly subscription after paying for full version...please refund.
Disappointed to find that this app had allowed malware to be installed. really regret because I've used it for years and I'm concerned that all of the documents that I depended on it creating are flawed or could be hard to find or even lost
Do not buy this app. It requires you to download another app. Its not listed under the developer apps, and the link inside this paid app does not work. Dont waste your money here
Could not get to work
I paid and now the original app is missing....on the playstore.... Give me my money back
This is only a premium key for an app that does not exist on play store. Do not download!
I purchased this app but still don't able to open it.
Very Disappointed. I bought the Full Version in 2013 and now I have to pay for a subscription to get the full version. Today to top it off the app has malware and must be deleted...talk about a Real Sham.
Good
Bought the app and it took me to a page where I had download no ads, etc. When I clicked, it said page not found and retry. Couldn't use the app also without downloading the additional features and the download page doesnt work. Immediately uninstalled thanks Google for the refund!
Where is the core app? Really got banned from playstore?
No new additional app available duw to which, it not allowed to go forward, waste of money
Rubbish. Purchased the full version and only used it a few times before my 'premium features' required additional yearly subscription. What is wrong with you people? Too much greed? PLEASE REPORT EVERYONE!
Paid for the app, each time it failed after taking payment to open on phone.
8/30/19 Norton has flagged this app as Malware. :/ ---- What happened to "CamScanner Full License", I loved this app! I purchased it in 2014 and am now seeing ads and being directed to purchased the "Pro" version for 49.99 or 4.99 a month. Are you expecting people to purchase the app twice? Confusing. :(
I have paid for the license but the app is not installed TELL me what to do further. Such poor service is not acceptable. You cheat the people Pl refund the money paid There is no response from your end for more than four days. Poor service
Couldn't even use the app
There have been report that your App is a Malware. Pls provide verification to this.
Malwarebytes found a Trojan in this app. Android/Trojan.HiddenAds.mut.a
After paid version asking to download main application but when go for download getting error in play store that is item not found
Nice app, use full
Don't download, the app has malware
Paid for the license but somehow i need to pay again!
I will give Absolute Zero rating Even after payment of licence fee, application did not open. Uninstalled the application. Repaid again, asked to install the main application, but same not available in play store. It appears, Instig has resorted to cheating.
It's fake app, I was paid the money but Google play says item not found try.
My refund is not done
Wont load and app not found
it prompts for download main app but not able to download as the retry appears each time i push the download button
Downloaded the paid version, when I opened it, it said that I need to download the free version in order for the paid version to work. The problem is, the free version is not available on the app store. So I paid for something that I cant use.
Absolutely Dire! Have been using this product for years, happily and very satisfactorily. Saw press warnings that Free product contained malware, so paid for Pro version. On starting Pro version, received message "you need to download full version" On clicking OK, received message "not in Play Store" (or similar) and a Retry button Retry produced same message Really, really, disappointing. The lure of the filthy advertising lucre, eh?
Cant use it without other installation
Today I purchase the same but it is not opening in the phone when I tap the logo CamScanner Full version it show the message : you have to download the main application " If I tap the Download then it shows Item not found : Kindly suggest how to download the full version
App not opne my mobile
Better than my home scanner! At least easier. Edits scans on the fly. Share PDF immediately.
I purchased this app only to arrive at a page says download full version and clicking on it just takes me to not found page
I paid the amount and installed but unable to use the app
You took my money, then you infected my device with malware. You should be ashamed of yourself. It's no coming back from this betrayal.
I used to love this app. It was great for all those times when I was stuck. Helped to take snaps, and send them instantly! Also loved the crop function, worked like magic. But around a year back, there was an upgrade and I lost all my files. They appear as if they are there (thumbnails) but when you click on them, nothing! Then just today I ran my Kaspersky virus app which told me Camscanner had Trojans and that I should delete it. Now I got charged and it doesnt work!! Madness!!!
Unble to make it operative as I cannot download application. Refund my payment
When i bought the app, it was showing me to be unusable and some error. Waste of money.
Good
not able to download main application
Now, we delete your app because of Trojan But what about the license !!!! Its not working anymore, need to install the main free app !!!!! Your action!!!!!!!
Fake Dont downooad I purchased this version but not open this Plz dont purchase this
Very good.
1st buy and than buy for primium
We won't refund right now. Application is useless.
After making payment also app is not opening.
Good
I cant download this app. I have to pay rs. 130 for licence version but Camscanner not download. Pls. Do something
Unable to download. Tries several times but says item not found. Refunded.
Baker app he paisy charge karny k bad app open nai hoti
Purachased but app not working
App not opening after deducting payment
Its all tyme asking for download but when i am try to download its called not found whenever i have alredy pay for it so cant pay and cant download it
Fast response from administration .Good job.
Can't install, received message it's a harmful app
Good
Virus app
I purchased this by paying Rs.130.....then u asked to download the main application,..but it said "item not found"....."retry".. I asked for refund
What is this I hear that CamScanner has been removed from the PlayStore due to Malware? If this is true - not cool.
Bad aap
Do I have to buy this again because Kaspersky said it's malware?
Poor.. I had pay to acces the pro one. But can download from the playstore
While I have been using CamScanner for the last 5 years without any issues, my Lookout antivirus started reporting yesterday that CamScanner contains a virus and should be uninstalled. At this stage, I am undecided on what to do.
God
Purchase pro version but unable to download working version of it. Please provide a link for non malware app
I have paid amount but application not working. Please solve issue immediately
Nice... put more malware in ur apps....
The free version was great, so I was more than willing to pay up. I bought the full version, which then prompted me to download. However, the full version is nowhere to be found on the market. It just says Retry. Shame on you, CS, trying to get us to pay for an app that does not exist!
I want my money back because Google removed your app from Playstore.
What can i said about this app... I purchase it 8.4 MYR once install, open the apps, it ask you to do another main download (ad removal etc) in order to open the screen and redirect you google play, But it shown 'item not found'??? So $$ paid and time is wasted. Luckily there is refund button. Lets see howlong it takes.
Pay and then no product
Can't used it. Required to download main applications, but no apps to be downloaded
What the heck. I bought it and when I open it says that i have to download the normal camscanner but it doesn't appear. Terrible just wasted money for nothing
Good
Hands down the best mobile scanner that I've been using daily for years now. I am very disappointed to be removing this app from my devices due to the developer being unethical and including malware, the trust is gone. I will be moving over to scanbot, a nice alternative that is almost as good as camscanner and doesn't contain any malware! Nice job guys on killing a great product...
Poor not able to use after paid.cheated
main application not found.
Contain Malware, Trojan, detected by Eset & Kaspersky
This app gets 0 ZERO Stars I purchased the pro version and i get Malware are you serious, I paid for Malware, I want a refund within the next 48 hours and an explanation for this,
I had purchased this app. it succesfully installed. but needs to redownload the main app upon opening. But then it's not found in playstore.
The paid version requires the free app that is both reported as being a trojan/malware by multiple AVs and is unavailable in the Play Store. I've uninstalled the free version and I lost access to all of my documents. Appalling.
I have paid for it and now this is removed frm play store as this app was injecting trojen. Shame on you people for this kind of pathetic work. Go to hell developer. Don't u have any work ethics.
Scan quality is getting worse, previous paid user has been left over and the app contains malware. Uninstall right away.
Unable to open the application
After made payment, its cannot install
Not yet use, may be good
SCAM. I purchased this app for its PDF capabilities but when I open the app it says I need to download the full app. when I attempt to download the full app, I get an error message saying unavailable. I have 0 access to anything on the app- paid or free. Please dont download this. Full scam
Auto click malware in main app
I have purchased the but not able to access. Kindly rectify the same.
Only for taking money from customer. Not further installed after payment
Great functionality so purchased the Pro license. Then they downgraded everyone from Pro to Basic and are now posting ads for a new premium offering to essentially repurchase what everyone already paid for. This move along with the true basic version getting pulled for malware is a sorry end to a once great product. Will likely move over to Google Drive scanning or Adobe Acrobat.
Maja nhi aya mare pase bhai kha gye apke compny 130 rupes
Paid but nothing opened kept telling me to retry
I really like the app, but today i read a article about CamScanner app that it has now malware which trigger to download more malwares....how true is that ? ( I have paid version ).
What happened to camscanner apps? It not showing in playstore..
Malware..
मैंने यह एप्लीकेशन खरीदा लेकिन इसका वास्तविक एप्लिकेशन गूगल प्लेस्टोर मैं है नहीं।
Your purchase application are not working
"Kaspersky researchers recently found malware in an app called CamScanner, a phone-based PDF creator that includes OCR (optical character recognition) and has more than 100 million downloads in Google Play. "Is it safe now?
Gret aap
CamScanner used to be my go-to app for scanning documents. I have used it since 2010, paid for a premium license, and recommended it to friends, coworkers and clients. Last month it placed malware on my phone that signed me up for an SMS 3rd party billing service without my knowledge or consent. I lack the vocabulary to fully express my rage at this inexcusable betrayal of my trust. I will never trust this company again. I have switched to Adobe Scan.
I am not able to download the main application. The screen flashes ITEM NOT AVAILABLE. Please help.
app is loaded with malware now
I can not access any of my documents, all if my information is lost. I tried paying for the premium and it attempted to add a virus to my phone. WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS ONCE AMAZING APP?
Paid but always showing retry
Bought the license version. When opened it told me I had to download the main application as if I hadn't already then linked to a dead Google PLAY site
Layer .... Fake.
Nice App until you added Malware waste of money I paid for the app.
Paid for the license and then they switched to monthly fees and took away the features without refunding. Bait and switch bs
Just purchased the full version, I can't even download the items, it keeps giving me a message NOT AVAILABLE, TRY AGAIN, I should have stayed with my old free version, want my money back & stop any monthly payment.
First-rate application should come with every new phone.
Kaspersky found a malicious code in it.
The thing doesn't even let me download the main app
Paid for this, then they decided I also need a subscription to use the whole app. Then they decided to upload malware with the app. If I could give zero stars, I would instead give negative stars.
I've been robbed, what I paid for was taken from me. Also developers are getting careless """Researchers at Kaspersky discovered a malicious Trojan Dropper module in CamScanner that could show intrusive ads and sign you up for paid subscriptions."""
Didn't work
I had been happy with this app only to be informed by Malwarebytes that it infects your phone with a trojan: Trojan.HiddenAds.Mut.a
The app doesn't exist only take your money.
Not in full version.my refund amount 130 not initiatted..
I downloaded the app.when I go into camscanner it tells me to download the main application. When I press the button. It says item not found. I fell I waisted my money.
Cheaters
Malware built in? Wow idiot move! You're app is gone.
Malware? No thanks.
Full version does not exist anymore. I bought the full version long ago, now they place ads and want a subscription license. If management changed, then you went the wrong direction. I'm uninstalling this.
So now the app is gone? Paid for this and now it is gone because it was malware! Bogus!
I am stunt.. no .txt of ocr result is there.. they are asking for premium account even after purchase
malware
Spyware. Do not install!
Virus, trojan????
I am not able to open Cam scanner ( Licence ) app although I have paid Rs. 130/-... What is this? I tried several times!!! It is so inexpiable experience to me!!!! Pls do the needfull... Download is not happening ! Only retry is coming ! Although internet conn connection is available ! Plz.... I hv paid the amount !!!
Stilling data.
I can't access to the app
Same complaint as others here; this is just an app that converts your shots into pdf format, yet now they are charging a subscription as if it is some in-depth adobe suite. I don't care for their new offerings and terms, it just converts photos into pdfs so charge us a one-time fee and don't tack on premium options for whats common features in this day&age.
Lookout advised to delete thanks for taking my money
CamScanner App With Over 100 Million Downloads Removed From Google Play Store Over Advertising Malware. today i had seen in news paper. is it true?
I used to really like Cam Scanner. They set the standard for scanning to PDF. It's a shame they have resorted to installing malware with their app. I am washing my hands of this nonsense, and moving to one of their competitors...
Developer moved all functionality from the paid license to a yearly subscription. Existing users received no refund or grandfathered status.
Does not work, do not purchase.
Why the app is not working. I paid for it and now it shows that I suppose to download the full version...🙄 and when I'm trying to download the full version is saying ITEM NOT FOUND
This app contain malware and shouldn't be downloaded it could cause advertising in phone and in worth cases loss of money
Hi Team, I have purchased the license, but i cannot still get the premium benefits and still can see the Upgrade to premium. How to resolve this? Update: Please return the purchase fee, as there are no benefits associated. Also application is listed as SPAM.
I have a paid version. Uninstalling because of Trojan-Dropper.AndroidOS.Necro.n malware. Can't trust a company that, even unwittingly, allowed that to happen (and I don't trust that they were not aware of it anyway).
This app has now been found to have a trojan. Not sure whom to ask my money back from. Google? Developer?
Virus detected in the apk itself from Kaspersky , please check prior to uploading your application
Whats the news about malware in this app
It was good so far but recently KaperSky antivirus warns me that CamScanner is " trojan-Dropper.AndroidOS.Necro.n " please check what is the problem.
Lacked the malicious code in its resource files.
CamScanner break the rules, pretend to charge premium fees to customer that already purchase the app. In business you never play with confidence, trustworthy and ethical behaviour, even in this corporative greedy days. People's will bench you. And with poison malware in the app the situation comes just worst. How CamScanner can restore this lost of confidence? It is very hard to know. In many cases it will be almost impossible. CamScanner have a very high hill to climb.
I cannot download full version after change to samsung A9 and purchased for this app. Bad experience
I am not able to download full version. I paid for the app
I am not able to download ever after making the payment of licence fee
Due to the virus infection I had to I install and pay the version. Anyway, after paying and uninstall, I cant see the Install button from Google Play. No way for me to install back. And it doesn't seem to recognize me as paid. Still need me to pay 1 more time? Please check. I just paid.
Scam alert. after paying, I launched and it tells me to tap "download" the main application. I tap that and then it says "Application not found". Do not buy.
Why does Google have this app when the main app has been pulled down, it's no use without main application
They are just bring the malware trojon dropper.. Bloody bastered..don't use it anymore.. Virus will destroy everything..
It wanted me to upgrade for 1.99 and noe it says i have nothing to download😭😭😭 Help. I rate again once fixed
Something goes wrong, I can't use it after buying.
Paid loaded and wont run. Got refund.
A company based in China spreading malware, and probably spying for the communist party. Uninstalled. I demand a refund.
Using the paid version since 1 year, but recently it's showing an virus named as - HEUR:Trojan_ Dropper.Android OS.Necro.n in Cam Scanner base .apk / data/app/ Don't use this I must delete this application and cancel my Subscription. Virus detected by My Licenced Kaspersky . Everyone using this must scan it througly . The company doesn't have any kind of help centre to rectify it. If any of my information which was in their cloud storage is misused will definitely Sue this company & Google ALSO.
Malware in the app
I paid ₹130 but CS is not downloaded in my mobile.
This app is fraud
Paid for the license, then could not download the app. If it's more difficult than that, it shouldn't be an approved app.
Purchased, but uninstalled. If a company is going to do sketchy advertising, no business from me.
Main application is not getting downloaded.
Used to be the best app all around but recently got caught red-handed insearting a Trojan horse into the app. My trust is gone and I have to find something else.
Virus detected. Trojan Detected. Refund my money. Guys please please dont buy this app. It's a trojan
Malware
Piad but could not open,. I applied for refund. Very bad not good this system my all earlier documents now unable to find. How i can recover in this situation.
Flagged for malware that I paid for??
Not able to use the app anymore. And i paid for it
Download this app for this but the app is not working
Hi, I have paid for the Applications Cam Scanner (Licenced version). But I am unable to use every time message is coming download the main Application. and when I click the Download button then nothing happens. Regards  Sanjay Sharma
Good
My Cam scanner app Is Not Upgrade After I Purchase This App
At first full version gone is gone. Then you infect your loyal constumers. Wow!
seems like a scam
Beyond my expectation. I am scanning all our old documents clearly which was otherwise very difficult with convention scanner. And their customer service is excellent. I was unable to load in my new mobile. As soon as i wrote them, they sent me link for app download and it worked like magic. Thank u, guys!!!
I bought the license for full version, now company reneged and wants to charge a monthly subscription fee. Here is what I am doing now: ditch them and use another app until they do the same. Then repeat.
Read an article about a malicious Trojan Dropper module in CamScanner that could show intrusive ads and sign you up for paid subscriptions. I would like a refund.
Will not work
Super
I purchased the app, still it is asking to upgrade to premium why ? If that is the case ! How it is differ from free version ?
Disappointed After buying it.
I unfortunately paid for this app which has a free version that has been removed from the app store due to it having malware in it. It's unfortunate because the app is now tainted and even if the company explains itself I will not be downloading anything from them going forward.
Absolutely useless. Was told by a potential employer to get this app to help with some ongoing admin. Paid £1.79 for an app that won't even open. Don't get this app.
Not cool, adding malware to the standard app. It's a shame that I gave money to a company that would give me malware in return.
Not user-friendly
CamScanner implemented an unauthorized by Google Ad SDK (Ad provider) that enabled infection with malicious code of millions of users of CamScanner. I would trust the app or the developer! Stay clear!
Wasted my money. CamScanner used to be on the top of the list, but they changed everything. Now, for the feautures Licensed CamScanner offers me (they again ask for monthly payment) , Adobe scan and office lens are far better. Would like to know whether I can get my money back. Bad business and a very good way to lose the customer base.
Was the best. Deleting unfortunately
Camscanner is malware/virus?
This used to be a good app worth purchasing, but the developer decided to remove purchased features for those like me who had already paid for them and shift to a VERY EXPENSIVE subscription model for the same functionality. The application also started asking for permissions it should not need, like phone and contacts. It basically turned into spyware. Not I hear that Google removed the main app from the store because it was loading malicious code. UNINSTALL AND DO NOT TRUST THIS DEV!
Download did not happen after payment
Trojan? Really?
Was recently tagged as having malware, also now charging for already paid services. Not worth it.
I used the full version and it was very useful. Now it tells me to download the main application, and when I click on download, the Play Store opens up with the "item not found" message. I am helpless.
Great app I've used for years but for some reason Norton is calling it malware? Evidently some update changed it from the best scanner app to a trojan
Filled with malware delete now (google it).
I cannot open after purchase... Kindly help it
They are cheating us. Paid for full version long back. Now it is asking for more money to enable full features. I paid for the full version because i needed those features in the first place. Bad business practice.
Cheaters.
This app should be barred from Google playstore. It has become fraudulent. The free version on my phone refused to open. I thought it was my phone acting up, I tried all troubleshooting but nothing worked. Then I unistalled the app in order to reinstall. I found shockingly that it had gone commercial. Still I didn't mind I paid for the premium £1.79 and then installed it. Much to my amazement, I was asked to install the app again through a link, this link failed several times. I got refund.
Paid license is meaningless, as they have switched to a subscription model. Also, recently discovered to download malware to user's devices. Unethical behavior by the developer and the same features being available in other free apps means you should avoid this one.
GOOD
Why the app has been pushing trojan recently,detected by kaspersky for android.
Very bad app after 130 rupay no working
Care to comment on a ZDNET article saying your app. Contains hidden malware ? Uninstalled
I paid for this app, do i get a refund?
Having used this app for many years, upto now I've been very happy with it, however now norton has detected malware in the app and has tag it as a malicious app. Untill this happened I would have given it five stars but now I may need to uninstall it.
Does not work! Emailed the creator and they said this will not work from appstore....Now I am out money.
Does not work! Emailed the creator and they said this will not work from appstore....Now I am out money.
I've been informed that CamScanner is injecting a malware through it's android app and this news is seriously alarming and spreading like wildfire in India. Kindly respond with clearity is it true?
Best app
Forbes reported malware in CamScanner
I got cheated.....purchased the licence version...and i only see message as you need to download main app....
Asking to install main app which is not in the playstore
CamScanner Team, have heard yesterday that this is a trojanised version. Please clarify.
You have gone Rogue, didn't expect Malware! Plus you cheated your older users who purchased a license by starting new ways to monetize the app.
Charging me extra for the very features I already paid for?? No thanks.
What did we pay for? Asking to pay more for additional features is a pure ripoff
I uninstalled the main app after news about the malware and now my licensed app is no longer working. Not sure if I can get my money back though.
Its not getting downloaded at all. Asking me to download full version, but its not available in playstore
The app doesn't work at all. Shows need to install full version and then results to a blank page.
Advertising Malware in the camscanner app ? This is disgusting
Trojan affected app. Malicious infected app. Steals data and signs up for paid subscription services and intrusive ads as per reports of Kaspersky and TOI TEC news. Secondly it was sold as premium and later converted to basic by the developer. CHEAT. Do not install
Finito with this app, uninstall and forget forever, once paid years ago I will not intend to pay any subscriptions, monthly, yearly, etc. Good by to that company!
Nice experience
Where is the main apps that have to download. Only the license that I already buy. Are you bankrupt?
I already pay your Camscanner application a year ago ..now ask me again for another payment? no way ..bad business
As of today 29/08/19 Both Norton AntiVirus and Kaspersky are showing your app with malware. Kaspersky is showing that your app has HEUR: Trojan Dopper AndroidOS.Necro.n
I bought new one, you said download main data, but main data is empty, now you force me to buy new one again?
Download but nothing inside it is showing i think it is fake app,please return my money
Antivirus has found a trojan in this application.
Nice scanner but please sir update cam scanner to v2.6.1 . sir Please give update option .
Malware? Norton anti-virus program alerts me that I should uninstall Camscanner because of malware. Really?
iam paid for the aap but not working.... says item not found.
Not working due to security issue with the main application.
Not active
Very useful and handy app to keep data in bunches....
I am not able see Full version of Cam Scanner on Play Store even though paid full version license fee
Cheater developer
Trojan-Dropper.AndroidOS.Necro.n the malware
You let your customers down by putting malware in your app
How the hell did my PAID license end up being full of ads and asking me to PAY MORE for a subscription???! I PAID for the full version, and it CHANGED to a FAKE paid version with ads. Uninstalling. Feel cheated.
unable to download app
Not work in my sell
Such an irresponsible app! It's time to say you 'Good Bye'! Thanks for the virus!
You download and pay for the app and after full version is not available. Sham...
i tried to. download the app and paid for the 100 pesos but it did not get me anywhere. how do i download the cs app????
After instal this app with payments of PkR-210/ ,then it was demands to more mony for full option, for what I was paid said above mony, anyway I claimed for refund and uninstalthe app, App was uninstalled instantely but not refunded mony, Not matter about mony but Just want to ask that this the good way of business ??. I think it is not good even it is bad thing.
I bought the app 6 month before now i have switched phones now its gone from playstore need refund 😭
Once i done the payment but im not able to download
This app contains malware. Don't waste your money or time installing this app.
The premium change was a bad idea, the malware one was even worse.
greedy back stabbers... tell me how to get refund.?
License version not working
Recent news: this app has a malware!!
Once a camscanner has now become a "scam" scanner. I paid for full version before but have since lost all the features I paid for. I feel quite disappointed and cheated that the devs are scamming with the so called "premium" version. Uninstalling the app. Bye bye China.
I purchase the app and when I try to open it it ask me to download an update that is not available
Bought the full license years ago, recently they changed to yearly subscription...
Very Good
Not getting anything out of paid app
Bought the license to get all features but now reduced to marginal features & need to make payment again for more features.
Good app
Does not get installed. I have purchased this app twice. Both the times, it failed to download. One I had cancelled the order due to this reason, where the refund was processed. Second time, I could not find the "cancel" option, hence I am not able to ask for a refund also. Sent a query to the Instig support team. But no response. Hope with this review post, the customer care will resolve the issue. With "No stars", the review does not get posted. Hence one star.
I purchased this app but it is not working what
Shame on you and your spy actions
Norton security is poping that camscanner is malware. As it is licenesed version, it should not be a malware. Fix it as soon as possible otherwise i will report it to google.
Sad to see they want to rip people who supported them by paying licence. Now they want me to pay them on monthly basis. Very sad to see their greed just got to the whole another level.
Contained Malware. Even when it didnt it had ads, and a subscription based payment.
It's not working app money wasting
Using CamScanner for several years and I even recommended to many of my friends and now I really shocked to see the news that it comes with malware.
Lost all trust in this app.
The app is gone. Refund?
These are cheating developers with no morals. This used to be the best document scanning app, but sadly no more.
It's a cheater app. Dont download. If you buy a paid subscription then also its ask you to pay more. There are better apps free of charge available then this. Go for that apps.
Installs viruses for months, nothing said until caught, app removed by google, now we're supposed to download the app directly and bypass google? You can't be serious...
Please refund my amount as Malware has been detected in your App and I do not want to continue using it.
cant use
I understand this app has malware in it. Google has removed it from play store. Can I get a refund?.
Antivirus of mobile says Camscanner is threat - android.necro.a3ce Type: Malware. New version 5.12.5 has no malware detected. Thanks.
Now being flagged as Malware by Norton Mobile Security.
BEWARE!!! This app developer released a malware infected version in the latest update to cheat on their users. What a disappointment! It was good till it last.
Recent malware. Gone now, but so is my trust.
After paying for full version its keep on prompting download full version... But on clicking download its saying not found retry
Refund Refund me u have made a virus and now your app is not available in playstore bcoz of your greed i want my money back
Very good easy to use
Now that the app is found to be malicious, how do the app developers intend to revert our payment? Or is there any plan to make your app safe ?
Update: why did I pay a premium price for the app and now it keeps begging for more money. You had a great app and got greedy. Disgusting!
This is to inform you that I have CamScanner Premium Subscription on my mobile. But since yesterday, the App has been deleted from my Playstore. I cannot find the app, so I cannot scan my pictures and documents. Please solve this issue and restore the CamScanner App in my Playstore.
Nice app
Good for me. It gives high quality scan and pdf without watermark and no Ads. Other features does not include in these in licence, like photo id, CamScanner cloud storage.
Is trojan virus is included???
Paid for premium version two years ago but now not getting any features
Purchased this license a few years ago but now they want more money for the full features. Should have been grandfathered in as a previous paying customer.
I paid for this and two days later find out it was infected with malware. Too late to get refund now :/
Excellent
Hi i am unable to download main app post buying the license.
I paid for this app, Now the app is not installing , I have lost my all previous documents too
What about the malware torjan
I installed licence first, now it's not letting me download the original app. I feel cheated. I want my refund. Or get me my app
I downloaded and spent 390/- but it is still showing download updates and then google play store showing no app found try again. Using without licence app from last 4 years but now disappointed.kindly shortout my issues if possible other wise refund the money .Aur guide me how can i get back the application work in my mobile.because many of the docs are scanned and saved in that app and i dont have originals for for same docs. So guide me and short out problems. Other then issues app is good 👍
What a shame, I purchased this app and they have hidden malwares.
I HAVE UPLOAD APPS LICENCE VER. RS. 130 . BUT BUT APPS NOT DOWNLOADED
Pay for a premium app but then still required to pay more. And now malware built in? Yeah ok DELETED AND NEVER AGAIN THIS STUPID APP. Sucks because I loved it and was more than happy to pay for it, but they have fallen too far.
Scam paid for app went to download and it says retry, keep tapping retry and nothing biggest waste of money.
No meaning of purchasing this application
This was the best scanner app in the store before the virus. I'll be happy to install it again if you fix this.
They take your money and say item not available. Go figure...
Good
I love the app. I'm sad that I can't use it anymore because of a Trojan malware. I hope you find a way to get rid of malware and be back in the Google Play.😕
This application installed a virus on my phone. Even after i bought the full version it still ran ads and left me vunerable. A couple days later my bank called to report stolen credit card.
VERY VAD. I PURCHAGE THIS APP BUT NOT WORKING ON MY ONEPLUS 7 PHONE SAY APP OLDER VERSION NOT WORKING I LOSE MY 130 ₹.
Been a user of CamScanner for years. Now I can't believe I paid for an app containing malware. Very dissapointing. Uninstalled.
Had CamScanner for a long time and loved it; but now flagged by Norton as malicious. After some research, it contains library with malware. Please resolve this or refund my purchase!
It's the Chinese 5h17 comes with a virus,
Scam and pure garbage
Fix this business, don't want to pay twice, and don't want to have malware on my phone!
Changing terms for paid users plus Trojans = you lost yourselves a bunch of customers, including me.
I purchased this app. But today the CamScanner app which it unlocks has been removed from playstore as it turned out to be a malware! Will google take the responsibility of refunding the amount? Or the creators of this malicious app?
Malware nightmare. Avoid.
Its not working
Worst
App doesn't even work paid for nothing!!
ATTENTION. ON ONE OF MY DEVICES FREE VERSION HAD TROJAN DROPPER (100 million devices affected: google it) Developer: is it,safe to continue using the paid version or isnt it? It usee to be best app in class but i dont need trojans. give me assurances or I want a refund!
This used to be my go-to scanner app, but i recently learned a recent update in July contauned malware. I also had a paid license and now they want me to pay monthly for the fearures I already paid for once. Next!
Now what? Malware? OMG! It's enough. Moving out data and uninstall. Paid full but not full.
The main CamScanner app has been removed from the app store. Allegedly Kaspersky found a Trojan in the app. I can no longer trust this app or company as they have said nothing to warn me as a customer.
Save your documents locally. All of my docs is not accessible now.
Your software is full of *** I recently read an article about Kaspersky discovering a trojan virus pushed by CamScanner Developper. I have the license installed but this license is not an app by iteself. The main app has to be be installed. And chances that you have a virus sitting in your phone. Uninstall CamScanner Immediately. Google search and you will know what Im talking about. I just scanned mine through kaspesky and found the virus, although I had another antivirus installed!!
I have been using camscanner since 2014 and used to recommend them to friends & family. Just got news from Life Hacker that malware found in camscanner Android app, be warn and uninstall immediately. This is serious, so disappointed!
How dare you put a virus in our smartphones. I'm ditching this app for Microsoft Office Lens which is free with no watermark
Scammers. I paid, you change the payment model and take away features. Now a trojan dropper? Bravo. Uninstalled.
Is this version free of malware (malicious code) as the free version was pulled from the Play Store for having malware.
Wow! Seriously? I buy your app, use it regularly, and even watch ads every day to earn storage space (and earn you money), and you reward my loyalty by updating the app to include trojanware. That's BS! Bye Felicia!
CamScanner simply disappeared from my phone and Google play
I just uninstalled all version because there may be malware?
I paid for the app, but I'm unable to use it at all. It's saying i have to download the main application. I have to get a refund!
The main app doesn't even exist. I paid for this version and after installing, it asks to download the main app before use. I click on the link that they give me, and play store says, "app not found." What happened? I used this app in the past and loved it, but now I just paid for nothing.
Malware
Sadly not compatible with my new samsung a70, should'nt have bought the licence
Main app deleted??
Does this version still have a trojen?
DON'T INSTALL THIS APP! This app contain dangerous malware as reported by Kaspersky, Google, Lifehacker and AndroidPolice! Download Microsoft Office Lens instead.
Reported by Android police to have malware and has been booted by google. Uninstall and do not use.
CamScammer: This has been depreciated since they switched to a subscription based model; most of the "premium features" are locked behind a subscription paywall, which is constantly pushed and advertised by the way. Oh, and the cherry on top? They recently allowed malware on the app through their heavy advertisements (Trojan-Dropper.AndroidOS.Necro.n). They have eroded trust and good will well past the point of no return. I'm done with CamScammer and I'm done with IntSig and you should be too.
Uninstalled due to malware attack. Money waste
MALWARE How do I know if this app has harmed my phone? Why did you do this? I paid for this
Uninstalling it due to malware attack. Very disappointed
Malware included at no extra charge. Kasperky found TROJAN VIRUS in this app. I, for one, would like an immediate refund.
Requires full version of CamScan which has been removed from from the store
App wouldn't open,
Uninstalled due to spyware.
so the app has now been removed from playstore because of your stupidity to inject Trojan wormware into it.
Got scammed out of buying premium when it first came out only to have them flip the service on me and say i need to subscribe now for premium. App also has a trojan - "The security experts identified the malware in question as a Trojan Dropper, a software that's sometimes found pre-installed on Chinese phones. It executes files from an encrypted part of an app's APK, running malware that in turn downloads additional modules. In CamScanner's case, these could display intrusive ads all around"
Cant use it because they pulled the main app and yet google wont refund me the purchase.
This app doesn't work on my phone and I paid 2 dollars. It says I need to download something but when I press download it says item not found retry. Please refund me my money thank you!
Paid for it and it doesnt do anything.
Uninstalled today. Delivers a trojan to your phone, aka malware. Uninstall immediately.
First of all, the developer sold the product, for $x.xx amount. Then about a year or so later, downgraded everyone to "Basic" which is kinda "free" version without the smaller Ads, (I think. Not entirely sure if it's not the free version) At any rate, it's now after being sold, the new basic version while they still want over $50 a year for a subscription on yup of what I already paid for "premium" years ago! We have a word for that, I'm pretty sure it's "Fraud". Sad this app has been ruined.
Malware included
Scam.
Attack my phone with malware? I think not boyo.
Going to have to switch to another software now that I know camscanner is collaborating with malicious ad agencies. What a waste.
HOw do we get refunds, ?   after Google Pulls your apps for malware and viruses ?  Please let us know
Malware. Please be careful with what you download. This app has malware embedded.
This app is making fool of user by charging yearly licence first, revoking all pro features and now asking for upgrade monthly premium services.
Paid for premium a while ago but not getting nags for premium again. Kaspersky now reports this is full of malware. Uninstalling.
Was a great app with 5 stars but... they stole our money and changed policy after and it has a virus! I paid for it. Then Google pulls it for having a virus! When do we get our money back?
Thanks for the over 500 USD I lost due to the trojan virus you have on your app. I was a paid user too.
Malware! Where's my refund?
TROJAN MALWARE....DO NOT DOWNLOAD!! According to an article on arstechnica . com written on 8/27/19 , this app is downloading malware to users phones. Deleted. SHAME ON THE DEVELOPERS. 🤬🤬🤬
After paying for the licensed version and trusting this app for years, I upgraded to a yearly subscription. I have been very happy until my security program indicated a malware was detected and recommended I delete the program. I've since cancelled the subscription. But, a refund request doesn't appear to be available. Very disappointed, to say the least!!!!
Malware. Beware.
Wouldnt load. Just said "need to download app" sorry garbage.
Removed from playstore for spreading malicious software
Paid for an app that then started installing malware/trojans! They also changed it to a monthly cost....so why say its a one time license? Criminals
I'm lowering the score for the ad-gate. Legitimate business installing Trojan horse?
Changed from 5 stars to 1 when I heard they added trojan downloader in the app. And I dislike their subscription fees created after I paid for premium version. Dishonest developer from China. **Avoid**
Very bad
Paid for license and again asking for monthly subscription for features. .. pathetic and cheaters
WARNING MALWARE!!! REPORT TO GOOGLE AND UNINSTALL
You started using a trojan on your app and then switched to a monthly subscription model.
Scammers
Already have premium and they're offering again for money. Moreover trojan payload as per the news.
I paid for this abs just uninstalled b/c of reports about malware. Developers should have been the one to tell us. Wasted $
Bought this but its asking me to install the main app which is not present in Play Store. Please refund as I am unable to use the app.
The required free companion app introduced a trojan through the ad framework (still required even when unlocked by this license). One word to describe this experience: disappointing.
Nice
My ₹130 got wasted for this fraud app
Way to scam users by installing malware onto their phones
Hmm I'm buying this to be able to download all the docs into PC
(Warning) the dev inject trojan from china into their own app to let it download even worst adware and be able to sign you up for subscription .I paid for this useless upgrade, They remove everything from the paid app so it worthless now, greedy developer. I wont be supporting anything from them anymore. Btw i was recommending this app to everyone around me, now i have to go tell them to not waste money and to not use it.
Adobe Scan is way better & modern
Ships with malware
I purchased the pro version of this app many years ago. Now I am being asked to upgrade to Premium just to move My files to a local folder. Will I have to pay to delete my files now?
Fix it and get it together.
Don't pay. This is just a license to the original app that is infected with malware . The base app has to be installed for this app to work. Without that this is useless. Just don't pay them money. It was a good app but its been removed from Google app store now.
What the fudge !?? DO NOT USE!! Removed from play store because MALWARE!!! Then restored to play store but with a SUBSCRIPTION scheme to access all features!!?? I paid for full access to all features already. Now they want me to subscribe for features I already paid for!?! GET RID OF THIS UNREMARKABLE, DANGEROUS APP!!
Seems a Malware as per today's news. What about purchase of lifetime license? Installing now..
CamScanner has been identified (Aug 27, 2019) by Kaspersky as having backdoor that lets malicious software be installed. Kaspersky and others advise uninstalling the app on Android phones and running a visus scan on your phone. Surprised that Google Play still has it available for download. I ran the free Kaspersky Android AV scanner and it detected the malware and removed it. This, after I had uninstalled CamScanner
malware
Have used for years on and off. Paid for app. Now a "new" level that doesn't have same features I paid for. And now malware!
DO NOT Buy - Just learned malware is being installed by this app. Absolutely disgusted at this news. This was covered by many news outlets on 8/28/2019 just do a search and u will see the agregious behavior by this company.
I take back my five stars rating. The app maker is abusing their old premium customers. I believe their behavior is some kind of fraud and must be subject to legal prosecution.
Malware in the app? Disgraceful. As if the restrictions added to a supposed lifetime license weren't bad enough you pull a stunt like this? Bye.
On 08/27/2019 Ars Technica reported that this app contains malware.
Can I get a refund on my purchase since you sent malware?
Fake application, lost my Rs 130
Bought lifetime license now they want to charge me monthly. Thieves
hahaha
Nice app. But this app can't detect game automatically. & after opened game, the boosted notification is too large. I mean the 2nd screenshot. Please show it in one line.
What was that i paid 10₹ ......dont buy thus app u need a subscription to know fps ....maadharchod sala
Super
I hate it because of that additional subscription of the fps meter
Misleading the User U have to subscribe with 550rs a year to have real time FPS meter
Nice tools But you have to buy subscribtion
😊😊😊😊
Don't buy this app, after downloading this it will ask for subscription and u have to pay again around 500 rupees.
nice
good
good app
🤗🤗🤗
it's not showing fps meter fake app refund my money 😠😠😠
very nc app
I've been asking myself if their was a overlay booster button, because when ever u boost a game it only lasts a min but i can constantly boost with this app so good and fps counter is cool, but 7to 8 bucks is a bit much maybe 5 $would help me out, but then again u guys made something no one else has out yet so maybe the 7to 8 a month is worth
good
This is the best boosting app i have used and it is working perfectly well,so if your phone is lagging,pls don't hesitate to download this app,thank you
plz plz plz everyone is buying it for fps meter so plz don't scam people and remove fps meter from topic or i am gonna complain this to play store
good
fake fps .. ihave refund after 5 minutes
after buying for rs 10 it requires 550 subscription per year 🙄
working
helpful
got it
nice
thx for this app keep it up
1 word to explain exceptional
good
not worth it dont work
Buying this app is not enough for showing fps, you have to buy subscription also
waste of money #10
good
nice
good app
nice app
😮
need the fps mater but still need subscription u kidding bro
Awesome
nice
Force close Everytime! uninstalled
legit
ok ok..
not working at all
Sofar
Gaming Test.
Fastest Ever Batttery And Fps Optimized
requires additional money for fps meter.
ok
This Is Awesome
its a good for gaming
bow can i subscribe to open that FPS ..bcoz it's that a rquirments to open it..plsss some1 help me!?
mast
Best ...
Good
GREAT GAME BOOSTER.
great(!!!!!!
great
Nice
trust me this app amazing💕
Actually works as advised. I use it for Pokemon. There are a few slow downs, but never the frame rate. Very satisfied.
Its the best game booster ever
good game booster app
best app
hhhjj
First use. " Cleared 41 mb" Description of rate message said " you ha e cleared 678 mb so far."
Good
very bad it more lacs when i open my games
this is best app
Game Booster x gave better game play to me
Helped me play PUBG without delay. 60 FPS for 30 minutes and I gave a boost to restore 60 fps. Awesome. 1000 srars
best app
Don't download. Buggy and slows down the phone instead
i love it my apps are not slow like and i hope this never ends for me and i will keep this app forever cause i love it sooooooooooooooooooooo much that i wont delete it i mean i hope this app is good for others too
nice
nice
Good app
Nice
Not work fps meter why?
BelumCoba
Best Ok
Ah yes, spent some money to get nothing at all, your apps are too similar (meaning your just duplicating your apps so that you can get your money), not only that IT DOESN'T WORK AT ALL, slow animations on your app doesn't mean it's working, the app icon is just saying "I'm a scam", also why are you guys CRAVING FOR 5 STARS, there's so many RED FLAGS on this app, the description makes it feel like a worth app but NO, it's NOT AN APP AT ALL, IT'S TRASH.
good
GREAT APP THANKS.
Smooth on the first launched.. keep it!
Give Me Back My Money
excellent app👍
good
good
sahoo
good app
no fps overlay
GOOD APP
jossss
Good Booster for Games
good
ok
OK NOW WORKING FINE NOW VERY GREAT OF PERFORMAMCE.
thanks . keep it up
hahahaha these things does not exist , that's all fake, no app can improve your phone processing power, the hardware is , it is what it is, nothing can change it, you should buy new devices, software can help but won't work for solving lagg problems or frame drop newer hardware brings better programming scripts and a perfect processor in this time won't be best after 2 yeah or next year android already does has all these this all is not necessary, FAKE .
Please redesign the icon to look like gamer.
yes ilike the app improve games performance. suport
wow
it's a scam. it doesn't do anything.
lag kar raha ha
nice legit working thanks
Please make compatible to play afterpulse fps shooter
mantap....no lag
refand my money please
waste of money .. dont buy , nothing changes while using this app
Where is the fps overlay I Just downloaded it for fps overlay waste of money :-(
ok xa
nice app keep it up
good app for gamers
nice app
i want refund the doesn't boost anything i want refund!
awesome no leg
Good one
FPS not display ❌ Game tuner not display ❌ Ping not display ❌ Fake app?? not working at all
good
app muito bom
nyc app...its work free fire game☺☺👌👌👌👌thanks for devaloper
Thanks for making it free it works really good in my huawei nova 2i Thank
Updated. hmm Okay.... I apologize for being rude. but the app is not working correctly still. auto boost, ping boost, and FPS overlay in the advance section of settings don't do anything. They're not working. ALSO, where's the game tuner?? I can't tune my game at all.... there are no settings to increase performance of the game nor any things to change resolution. I actually want this app to work please.... and in the future I have some suggestions, email me if u want my ideas :-|
I paid 7.49 dollars for it and it won't activate... I need my money back😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤
this aap need every 30 sec after need activation.all time need activation why....?
I dont can Activet my S8
pls fix touch with remapping like others say. when you touch screen the controll not function. you need to dont touch the screen when using ganepad or else you can't touch and controll gamepad in the same time. pls fix it. ALMOST TWO MONTHS NOTHING FIX SEVERAL UPDATE PAST NOT FIX YET
No working waste of money and time
worst app ever, even after paying it the app is not getting activated. the worst part is they don't hve help icon. they r making us fool.
This app works great once i figured out the activation process but can i address the issue i have of having to re activate it each time i close and re open the app, this wouldn't make my portable gaming experience to great if i have to have a pc near by. Will this be resolved for an extra star or two?
works great
is not even working properly ..and a waste of money I want a refund!!!!
So far so good . Worth paying for the pro addition. 1
Shocking.... Didn't work at all even once active and controls mapped correctly I couldnt move or aim ect.... S#&T
good
couldn't set up app broke, pc activation programme is a trojan horse virus but I still enabled it as I trusted it and then it would never open. so I tried to activate through my phone but the instructions step by step dont work for samsung s10 newest update. please may I have s refund as this is not what I wanted.
Good app but first you need to know how to do the activation it taks alot of time till activation completed successfully the problem was you need to activate the app on charging option when connect the mobile to laptop but there is option on developer mode on mobile to activate the debugging mode even the mobile is just charging after select that option the app active and works perfectly
DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!! DOESNT WORK FOR EVEN A NOTE 9. RIDICULOUS! FAULSE ADVERTISEMENT
works great with alot of effort could use alot of work. sound cuts out when overlay is on. thanks for what it is though. havent found anything better
awsome control editor but needs swipe movments. like if i record a swip movment to the left then move that swipe to a certain part of my screen and register that left swip as the left button on my d pad. this will make swip movment alot better.
in mocute 058 with pocophone is not work properly and can't playable... please fix it
Not sure how to respond to this.... 1. I can not activate app on pc when using Huawei P Smart using windows 7/8. Friend has same phone and he's connected after using windows 10. (He had same issue with windows 7) 🤔🤔🤔 2. I used the app on wife's Samsung and it connected 1st time and activated using pc also 1st time. So it works on hers but not on mine. Not sure whether this is due to phone issues individually but something I would pass onto developers (just to check). Like it so far. 👍
ITS GREAT BUT EVERYTIME YOU UPDATE IT YOU HAVE TO ACTIVATE IT AND ITS ANNOYING
اذا كنت ناوي تستخدمة مع PS4 controller فلا تشتريه Don't buy this app if you are willing to use it with PS4 CONTROLLER , it won't work I promise
Wasting money..
Nice atlast gamepad without cloning. hope You add profile option to save and transfer config. Combination keys still missing. You might add macro and gamebooster option. Tnx. keep it up.
it works on pubg mobile.. i use xiaomi pocophone f1 and ipega 9083.. the only problem that i had is the on screen mapping does not dissapear when i play... if i press both r3 and l3 itu will dissapear but then it will change to mouse mode... gamepad will not works can you tell me how to play without all mapping on screen
good game controller settings
This app is waste of money, space and time don't install it if you don't want your money to be wasted on this garbage. I WANT MY MONEY BACK
yep. as I read in the comments constantly having to re activate. if I unplug my phone from the pc or close the app it wants me to reactivate trash app shouldnt even be on the store it's in useable
#@$&+()/ refund me
Useless app could never get it activated waste of money and time the bad thing is you get everything done but the activation. money scam all the way and then you try to contact the developer for support and they are non existent sent 2 emails and never got a response.
does'nt activate and no support from their facebook site.Basically a waist of money because I wont be able to use it.Tried to activate it from PC and does not work.Tried with windows and even linux.Another app from China blocked in North america.
Good App, that won't get you banned from your favorite game, hopefully. I'm seeing good ratings here too, but my thing is why do i have to activate this on my phone every other day?!!!!! That's BS and the worse part is that it takes so long to be uninstalled from your computer PLUS, it locks to your device background, if you close it, you have go back on your PC to reactivate BS. Upgrade, so you don't have to activate so often!!!!!!
useless app. activation not done. nothing working. devloper says keep trying it will done but nothing happen. its almost 1 month.why u r selling useless code to us. u have to work hard this is not our job " keep trying". give us a proper solution not a garbage. pls guys dont buy this. usless garbage.
app works as intended when its activated. for some reason after activation and play, the app goes back to non activated and I have to go through the activation process again. fix this and I'll fix my review.
need some activation codes.... not worth. long installation, if you don't have PC you can't use it....trash...
Absolute waste of money, too much of a ball ache just to activate plus i got a virus waning trying to download the activation tool. Im going to report to google. Scamming bunch of c+*ts
Worst dustbin app
fuck this app I only have a chrome book not a fucking pc waste if $5.00
the app is working, but sometime the activation didn't last long so i have to activated it with my laptop over and over again, it's really annoying.
Can't even use the app since the glitch of using the analog stick and touching the right screen where it stop doing something after pressing the button simultaneously.
it does not work just scam purshase for nothing
It doesn't work.. Full waste of money. Even every time it wants activation which is so disgusting because you to connect your pc to active the app. Please fix the problems
It's a super bad aap do not used dis aap
i purchase but not work need allways active and plug usb cable without usb plug not work
super app
worst app..
not work in j600f2018
did not work required a pc to work properly
worst app I ever seen . why do i have to activate this on my phone every other day?!!!!! That's BS and the worse part is that it locks to your device background, if you close it, you have go back on your PC to reactivate BS. (Plz don't download it) I will be demanding a refund.
extremely bad information i paid 5.99 and they didn't state you need a pc to activate and run the app because i don't have a pc and i cannot access one where is my money
controller not connecting,even after activation...
thats not working with ipega game ped with pubg in one plus 6
This app requires activation every single day. Requires you to run programs on pc ( slows down your phone and program looks fishy too ) Not worth it.
I want to give 0 After I paid for the app they will require you to active the app by PC only than when you follow all their instructions ITS NOT WORKING they just take out money
I use Ipega 9023 on Oneplus5t. 1st, Some buttons not working when calibrating. 2nd, when mapping buttons, it says please switch to android mode??? Trashed few bucks in 15 minutes.
You should fix the activation process,its pointless.Octopus has a better result than this BS.
I tried both ways of activation but they don't work after unplugging my device from the pc I want a refund please
🤪😬😠
useless cant even play. so much error and bug
Don't wast your money, it is not working using keybord !
The app is very poor and it doesn't work probably. I have waisted my money for a poor app. Your app doesn't deserve the rate I've choosed. The app is fradulent. You are just taking the money of people and not giving any advantage to your costumers. I hope that google play reads the review on your app and delete it.
not activet piz active pizza...
Not working When I try to get in, take out the app
how use without pc Activet
i am unable to activate waste of money
good
wwbsite for activation is not opening in pc they just eated my money
Huawei nova 3e..activate Not working I followed the instructions right way but adb not recognized?!!!!!
it was not working properly very bad.
not working properly 0 stars ratings 🤯🤯🤯🤯 waste of 💰
very worst app don't buy it
this is not active my device please refund my money I am no like this app
it works
feel robbed,
to complicated (not recomended) and risky
quiet good actually i don't know what these guys talking about. i used this app with no problem.only hate that the fact you have to keep the usb debug on everytime you want to use the app.if you turn it off it will automatically unactivated the app which is annoying and after the activation you must restart the app.cause when i use the controller while already activated the app.the controller just wont work,but after restart it should be fine after all not bad but not that good 4 stars from me
very buggy app. didn't work, i tried it with mocute gamepad on my poco f1. only ghost touch. again tried with evo gamepad 3, in calibrate gamepad, it detects input, but after launch it does not gime any input. only mouse mode of my gamepad worked. i want my money back waste of money.
Works with pubg and dualshock 4. Unfortunately it shows dualshock 4 buttons as XBOX. Anyway, this app is actually OCTOPUS but rebranded and updated.
good
good
I have activated thousand times still it show activate I don't like to give single star to this app it's total waste of money
nice
i want my money back please. this app doesn't work for my phone. please give my money back
So I got this as it advertised that it works with pubg and one handed controllers. I managed to get it to work fine with my normal bluetooth controller in pubg but not with my one handed controller. Enabling and disabling "one handed controller" seemed to make no difference, the second I touch the screen the movement breaks. Would repurchase this app if this was fixed. Also a free trial would be good for testing purposes.
Very useful app!
stop leaving bad reviews this 100% works. You just have to know what your doing. Read the instructions and follow step by step
perfect
لم يعمل لدي
So complicated, I downloaded the app on the lap and my device was connected by the app unable to connect and now nice i cant return the funds it should be simple to upgrade email will be sent with the serial code and done i don't know why it's complicated
Don't try this app finally your time and money will be wasted here. Worst app at its best. I spend lot of time not worth it. Better you will buy a trigger and use.
Chiter app
it works for me (galaxy note8)
dosnt work and i dont know how to get my refund its crapolar.
maine ek baar pc se activate kar liya lekin kuch der baad fir se activate karne ko bolta h. muje mera 109 rs wapas do
I wanted this to work so bad but it doesnt. The instructions are in Chinese. So trying to translate instructions are impossible. I want a refund.
what the hell going on first we pay then connect via PC and again restart need to connect with PC it is ridiculous i hate this app return my money back & go to hell
sucks dont waste you money won't verify and recognize any device accept for one controller
not play pubg ps3 control
Analog stick from Octopus is much better than Panda! This one, stuck all the time! I can't play property. Please fix it and I will change my avaliation.
Rubbish totally not working at all. Wasted my money. The activation only when the usb plug on to the phone, when remove it will deactivated. Without remove the usb cable, how do i plug my device to my controller?
I use Mocute 058, but when I pairing Mocute 058 M21 Auto not found.. Do yo have APK Mocute M21 Auto.? Because at homepage I find Mocute M31 HID and BLE after use firmware M31..
The app is asking me the following literally (allow panda to access camera to take photos or videos)!!!!!!!! What is this for real are you kidding me?! Why would you want to take photos or videos?!?!?!
not the activation
please fix single hand gamepad mocute 058 to many bugs
don't wast your money i went to go and activitie and it wouldn't let me it was just trying to down load a virus onto my computer
had purchased for both panda pro and key Mapper but none can be used 😟. using default mapping nor change/modify still doesn't work, frustated..
got problem with auto click at down right side
its good but it keeps deactivating... i have to keep plugging it in to my pc to activate it...
really dislike the ipega pg-9099 very difficult to connect. wasted $8.00 for an app that doest help
gamepad (amekette evo gamepad pro 2) works like a charm in my one plus 7 pro... kudos to the team
the app is useless to me, i bought a ipega gamepad version PG-9076 and it does not work with the app at all for any game including PUBG. Please redo the app and fix this fast please.
worst part is activating it via pc that is too messy n time consuming. we pay Rs. 109 and do all d stuff. waste of money n time.
hhhh
app is working. however, how can i solve the issue of a single hand controller like flydigi wasp on android. the screen cannot be used similutanously with the gamepad. I tried everything and disabled all gestures with no luck. for example if you move using the controller and then you touch the screen, the player stops. this is very annoying.
It never activated, it never worked. I wasted my money and time on this app. It would not activate neither on my Note 9 or my Galaxy Tab S4. It will be nice to get a full refund.
it's a good app , so hurry with the update for pubg 2019 , I cant use the app at the moment because the new update of pubg
Very good quality
Bad app every time need connect with pc to active
Still need improment, cannot play smooth, not so compatible with Mocute 58, and aqurate issue on notched phone
unable to finish the activation
Guys when I've bought this app and started using there was some bugs, but it was working after PUBG mobile update it's crashed. I sent you an email, you replied that, it was fixed but it wasn't, the thing is I'm using iPega 9087 on my Samsung Galaxy S9plus if you're using just a gamepad it's working but, you cannot aim properly to the enemy so, you should use single hand mode which was working before update, now it's crashed you can't move while using joystick and aiming with screen touch.
I had to activate it EVERYTIME I launch the app. It such a hassle. Dev team please fix this.
Scam. Stay FARRRRRR away from this app!!!!
referring to my review made on 10th of June 2019 I would request for a refund
The app works as intended. I liked that the buttons were mapped already for pubgm. the activation is easy but my only complain is that i have to activate it again and again. some people are saying that after they restarted the phone, they had to activate again. I didn't even switchedd off my phone but I had to activate again. I played once and I picked up my controller again after 3 hours to play, and I was asked to activate again. this is really frustrating. please fix this reactivating issue.
Well it works, nothing else to say
doesn't working with galaxy s10 plus I trying to actived but nothing .
It's working in Galaxy S8 plus with pubg but you have to activate by using PC. There is problem in the aiming while use controller and I hope to fix it in the comming future. Also, my friend faced big issue with aiming in the pubg. His phone is Huawei P20 Lite. I want from developers to listen to our feedbacks to avoid alot of issues in this app. Thank you
this app very god i play pubg Mobile
i love it it worked
It doesn't work. I sent an email asking for a refund but never received a reply nor a refund.
Trying to activate but unfortunately nothing helps.
It does not sync with the game even though is a paid app
Very hard to connect haven't managed it to hard
it doesn't with ipega controller. yes it has already activated and gamepad connected but when play games it just work even though you have proper key mapped. would like to request refund but how?
not work ,pleas pay me back
please fix bug multitouch gamepad mocute 058 when play pubg global... i was pay to buy this app but i get bug about multitouch on mocute 058... please fix sir.
after pubg new update keys on the contoller are not working. please resolve the issue ASAP.
i have difficulty activate. when restart need reactivate,. everything good
Worst app that is too troublesome and useless...
don't install this application
may panda gamepad is not open halp me please
it's a great app thanks allot working fine with my galaxy note 5 and im using ps4 controller the bad thing is if shut down ur mobile u have to reactivate the app pls developer make it one time activation that's all my feedback
many time activation yaar
same problem as many other people. Its a great idea but my 4G doesnt work anymore... also didnt work unless i kept it plugged inti my computer. I'd like my money back please.
I buy this apps for pubg but you need always to active this apps and its so hard to use
the's App is very very waste pubg is not supposed u don't download
Please please please please take away the activation. please... i dont have a pc so its inpossible for,me to do the activation. or make it possible to do a mobile activation
tried playing FPS games on it. for gamepad mode, i can't use touchscreen and gamepad at the same time. for example, using analog stick to move, touch screen for aiming simultaneously, the movement will stop, and the game will only respond to the touchscreen during that period of time. also, add in the option to disable mouse mode when i press R3 & L3!! its annoying. this app has so much to improve on.
this app has been complete waste of time and money!!!! i went through all the steps to activate this app and there is no way it is posible... i want my money back!!!!
after upgrade its stucking too much
not working on my xiomi note7 pro refund my money immediately.. guys it's fraud app dont waste money..
working very well and i love it 😍
giving it 4stars because i have noticed a few glitches in game than usual. but so far great experience in using this. And also Pubg will be hAving a new update tommorow that claims to deal with software overlays, i hope this update will not get me banned for using this app with my single handed controller. Hopefully not because i believe a paid apps as this should be able to cover this risks.
when I try activate, it gives me error "Failed, please ensure wifi on your phone is connected and in the same Lan with your PC". I checked and I'm sure that Im connected to the same network. dont know how to fix it and there is no technical support, spent 5$ for nothing
I want a refund. Activation doesnt work
very nice
to stay activated i need to stay connected to the pc once i disconnect my device i got deactivated
My S9 freez even can't restart or shutdown.. Worst app!!!?
I'm still waiting for my refund I have to be a motivating it from my PC all the time
Activation is a total pain and a deal breaker.
poor... why this always keeping activate needed? just activate this 3x for this today? after paying this app? is this what ived got? keep on activating after ived already activate?
one time activated than i tap on pubg then it got disactivated.u are making us fool mc
sorry but why do I have to continuously reactivate this all the time? I kept trying and try but this app is pointless. octopus would better be recommended. for the price I'd expect better....
Works for me... Thanks Panda
why did I have to buy the app twice just to redownload it?
apps always makes things easier but not this app you have to do alot of things to make the app work it need you to connect to pc or laptop and loge in web site, they never mention that, I am in vacation and I haven't bought my laptop so it's useless and waste of money.
its works. but now my phone keeps flashing activation expired I don't get how I just activated it any fix? I'm using the Razer 2 with an Xbox one s controller
i waisted my money
Every time you restart your phone, you need to activate it again by connecting your phone to the computer, which is irritating...
pro gamer
Bad, device not found!!!!
not happy have to plug phone into a pcevery time to run the app to activate it, sure for nearly $5 this isn't normal, wifi activation does same thing, why isn't the developer answering people's reviews saying exactly the same thing... pointless app. don't buy it i wish i read every review first
you
not supporting on Android mobile
i am not abel to activate this app..i have activated this multiple time but after unplugging its shows not activated please help cause wifi activation is not possible on my pc or give me refund
after close the app,every time need active. don't buy it.......😠😠😠😠
To improve to be a better key mapping apps.
Works fine for me
Good app but i think it's not support multi touch yet.I tried in life after and not all button can be used.Pls improve it.
worst app it never activated dont buy
awesome 👍
easy to config
great app
lg g5 can't activate on pc very pissed please solve can't activation be done wirelessly
pls help how to active panda gamepad pro
all the mapping keys are being displayed on the screen..no option to hide. every game the joystick stops working. worst app ever. refund my money back.
Great app! I bought an Ipega PG-9023 and followed the instructions. Everything worked the first time. I feel like the bad reviews are from people who don't follow instructions very well. Yes, you do need a computer to activate it and yes when you reset your phone you will need to activate it again. People need to research before spending money on an app.
aplikasi anjing, penipu . .
👍
ok
cool
These comments are written by the panda group only in panda gamepad pubg is not working I have paid the amount also but still it is not working then why you people are blaming the customers please don't buy and install the panda gamepad app.
good pro app
Please add the inverted setting. I'm not the only one asking for this setting. IDK how challenging is for you guys. I'll give you the 5* if you do that.
i pay already but it's not the perfect for using if you want to play Like a Pro you can't use this app with the Xbox controller or PS4 controller courses moving left to right is not the exactly the same for example your enemies a front of you he's a pro gamer so you can't controller you can't kill him straight away so what's the point this app before using Xbox or PS4 controller and one more things about this app every 10 minutes every 20 minutes they asking for activation 👎👎👎👎👎
Scam money, if want play pugb add more money, feel bad man, I want my money back
is it compatible for Xioami Poco f1
Very good
Bad Not working keybord and mouse😞
Very kak app not user friendly at all can not use it.. Please pay me back
So BAD
worked ok to start with but now it keeps saying needs activation, very frustrating as I work away from home (which is where I use the app) and have no access to a computer to fix the activation issue
i dont have a PC and it wont let me play a game with my Xbox controler I DO NOT RECMOND IT!
Just Fix Mocute 058 on PUBG Global and Ur rating grow up !!!
I have to active every time with my pc
don't like the feel of the controller when playing pubg.
Why activation is not working I have try both procedure but still its not working
its good for pubg..
confuse
Works ok, needs bug fixes.
This is not acceptable. Every time the phone is rebooted, you have to connect to a PC to reactivate. I had to borrow my friends laptop to do it the first time. I can not see him again for another week. So, I paid a lot of money for what? Do not purchase this app. This developer should have given a preview of the app before people have to purchase. I want a refund.
playing pubg trouble multitouch problem.one handed mode can't touch the screen trouble..please fix that and release stable version as soon as posible
perfect
seems scam, didnt found any info on losing activation on every software restart
AWESOME! This 100% works. i was skeptical at first because of some of the reviews but it works 100% you just have to put some work in. Im using an S10+ and Xbox One X Controller. The hardest part for me was figuring out the mapping of the button. HINT: YOU HAVE TO ALIGN THE PANDA BUTTONS TO THE RIGHT OF THE PUBG BUTTONS. Once i figured that out, i was golden. You do need a PC but once you download the software and have it on your computer, it makes activating the software super easy! BUY IT
I shouldn't have spent a penny on it... wort app.. of no use...
don't work
i cant connect my pubg game in this app bad expirence by this
can't even activate the app from my laptop, I would love my money back please
nice good
Cant get it to work on huawei p20 pro and i even had to pay for the app. I try about 10 times to connect to pc and run the files as dxplained but it will not recognize phone
will there be keyboard and mouse support in the future and how long?
7$ plus allot of time and effort to setup I gave up after 20 min and got my refund.
WHY AFTER ON THE 20 MAY 2019 UPDATE MY PANDA APPS NOT WORKING ANYMORE... IT'S CALIBRATED BUT NO RESPOND AT ALL WHEN I'M PLAYING... PLSSSSSS FIX... I'M PAYING THIS APPS YOU KNOW???!
good
no interest
no sound on honkai impact 3, please fix
idiot app, always stuck outside, honor play user, ipega 9087 user , no star, zero star plese fix your app nub
fake app no activation function available nyc business
great application ever.
I'm using mocute 058 vM22 -this isn't usable on my device asus max pro m1. The controls using the single handle mode with pubg mobile has a lot of bugs, glitches and a huge gap of delays in game. (2 star as of now unless it is fixed) The floating widget is also buggy, it takes several times of tapping before you can edit some keys (this is single handed mode enable and key mapping). devs has not yet been fixing it.
I picked up a cheap walmart bluetooth controller + this app and I can play pubg with a controller. Trust me, I read all the negative reviews and thought I was gonna get ripped of but wanted to try it out. Works with EVO VR controller I got for less than $10. Good Job.
crapy not working, cost mony and not working. don buy dont pay.
The app is great and works great. The only improvement I want to see is optimization as game goes little laggy on and off.
the app is not working! the panda icon on the top doesn't show for any games! why is it so?
this aap is waste money
Fairly easy to set up and use. The activation is not too hard either, which most people seem to have a problem with. When i first tried to activate it on the website the app directs you to i used Google Chrome and it did give a 404 not found error. I then decided to try internet explorer edge and the website worked and i was able to activate it. Only real issiue ive had is i did have to reactivate it 2 days after i already activated it. Other than that app works great.
very badd one my cash waisted
hahhh
problems happened with activation on windows no way for mac OS users also. if there is let me know.
It requires activation available through some url that is not working + you can do this only on Windows OS.
every time activation bad very bad i want to refund my money uninstall it
Alveys I have to activated the app. Its not working when is not conndcted to pc.
i activate so manny times but after 15 minute it say plz activate
this is bs wont activate at all its a scam
i cannot connect. i tried turning on the usb debbuging it says adb is not recognized as an internal or external command, operable.. please help.. what should I do??
It work's
cannot active..
i activeted it. and after some time my phone's switched off. now it's asking for again activation.
apps good..working .please disable activation using computer...i dont have acces to computer..very troublesome
ppppkkkk
i want refund give my money
very good app it works very well for all games
worst apo ever, I'm not able to use my Joystick in this
goo
waste of money and time i want my money back
Dualshock4 works very fine pubg is awesome very very smooth running game and it is a request please don't ban account on this app also pls pls pls
i just can control right analog and select xiaomi redmi note 5 + ipega 9076
plz add gg for non rooted phone
can't play pubg. too much lag . waste of money .
working yes
this app sucks. i couldnt even activate. if i had a pc i wouldnt need your stupid controller app
waste of money
Struggling to get it to work properly
Activate and ActivateWifi do not work for my phone. I have followed all instructions from the website including the installation of USB Drivers. It does not work.
It needs activation after every reboot, I can't do activation every time, I hate this.
ok
god
setelah update nd nge lag klo pake stik
Dumb...
it wont activate I've tried everything different laptops, different windows programs, and I've downloaded apps on my phone to try and get it to activate! I have a S8 active! I need a update or a refund!
same error in key mapping, analog which always moves itself
good
hele
i cant have the winrar file run on my pc
i Have to keep activating the remote with a computer To play pub G it'll play for maybe A-day or 2 then need to be activated??????
CHARGING PORT GOT MESSED UP AFTER PC CONFIG
vivo v11 pro not able to activate. plzz fix this
i like it better than octopus no joke
sogor motho app gudir motho
it work very well but the problem this system always asking for activation without activation it will no work
ျဠ
This app is support pubg
I can't fire on my ps4 controller and neither costume my own controls really I can't understand the controls pls help and I'll give 5stars
failed to activate on my poco f1 it says phone not found what to do dev???
waste of money every anytime says activate. activate so bad experience
Bad software I try 2~3 phone still same problem with me Don't wease my time again please!
doesn't seem to work in samsung vr phonecast
WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY DON'T BUY Needs stupid activation on a wedsite that doesn't even exist. When you have to activate that says, "if it doesnt work the first time keep trying, don't give up" haha are you kidding me. It's suppose to be plug and play people. We don't have time to keep tryingm very disappointed. Wish would take get my money back. Rather go for Octopus.
so bad and when i get into the game my phone stopped working and floating panda icon if i press on it dont move or open
nice software
cause you have me going to my PC for this activation code ever time I take off my phone
panda gaming please do support keyboard and mouse....
fake i was tryed 100 or more time to connect but its not going to activate dont wast you money
i still have operational delay problem even after the update I am using samsung 9+ and playing PUBG
stupid scammer.... cannot activate, so many try follow the step, but still cannot... give me money back...
saya tak boleh nak aktifkan telefon ke pc
Can't give 0 stars. Waste of time and money. After buying & installing it, then finding out you have to download the activator on a computer... I was unable to activate and/or use the app. Who charges more than $7 for an app, then provides you with a faulty activation process?
ok
good app
Thank you for your help
i waste my money. i will try many times but its not activate now i hate it 0 star
it doesn't work with call of duty please help and I can't find support option in this app please help me with this i bought it but its useless for me and its work with pubg
I wish the y had an option to have different lodeouts for different games.
BV9600 Pro working with PUBG & Mocute 058 Bluetooth controller. Tried few controllers so far this combination for me is working well. many many thanks. **Anyone leaving review working or non-working at least mention your phone make,model & controller to help others find a working controller for their phone with this app**
not activating in my redmi note 7. total waste of my money
its cool
I want a refund. I tried my hardest to try and activate it but I can not do it.
its not activated
Lull
awesome app full recomended
I buy this app.. but for activited need pc.how if dont have pc?
Worthless to buy
very bad experience. mobile not working after install this app. it's work few times after installation but after two hours not mobile will work properly and game also. don't invest your money here.please. in game its work good with joystick but i want to launch its settings for setting,than it's not work and if you playing game, if you want to minimise the game than mobile will not any response to you.there you can scroll in game also if you want to change something. please fix.
the app works on my phone..i'll give it 5 stars if it will be easier to activate it like maybe through over the air or if you'll just need to activate once and doesn't need to do that again if your device turns off.
Works very well with PUBG and many other games. however NFS most wanted wont start up unless panda service is off. kindly check
bad controller can't use multiple touch.. single handed mode not work I follow all instructions .. one star is more for this paid application if there no star I will put..
waste of money first second, waste of time
don't buy this app
add keyboard
great app. works perfect. better than expected. activation wasn't hard as long as you go over the instructions again when stuck. Great work.
Doesn't work 100% I'm just being honest. It makes my phone go crazy I'm using a s7 edge but yet it still seems not to work right..
works fine only the left analog when I go forward goes back this only happen after the update please I need help
what the hell? i have purchase this app n then it's didn't work.. and then i refund this app.. but I can't get my money back.. why? please give me back my money
I don't have a pc what should just do
my red gear gamepad doesnt work on this its just terrible pubg dosent work on this
app is working. however, how can i solve the issue of a single hand controller like flydigi wasp on android. the screen cannot be used similutanously with the gamepad. I tried everything and disabled all gestures with no luck. for example if you move using the controller and then you touch the screen, the player stops. this is very annoying.
don't buy this i even bought xbox controller for this $hit and still bug into it , none of button works accep right Joystick! recommend dont buy and waste your time, bunch scammers
good
I've got a new update for PUBG and also Panda Gamepad Pro (BETA) but my controller still does not work while I'm playing it, I hope this problem can be fixed quickly, I use smart phone Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus and use ipega 9057 controller
when i unplug usb after activate in PC i show successful in app but after 10-15 second i change unsuccessful activate i have to do activate in pc 10 time but it's same
you need a pc to activate don't buy if you don't have a PC and can I have my money back to I have no need for this app
big scam i cant refund it
Please make it work for call of duty legends war, i cant play it with this app, thx before
bkbas he pesy loot rhe he ye
dont buy this app is not working on one handed mode...developer plese update this app and fix the one handed gamepad issue the issue is i am maped left joy stick for movement but left joy stick and touch of right side work as same.
i need refund
activation problem it should be one time activation tired of activating again n again
Works great when its activated. I use my xbox one s controller with it, but I have to re-activate it every couple of days which is annoying and frustrating when you want to play but find out you have to activate the app again with no computer access in sight. Not sure if this is normal or not but getting this fixed would definitely change to a 5 star from me.
Nice, Activation is asked many times even though i followed the instructions carefully.. update u if required.
why I gotta connect my phone with PC for activation??
this app not working properly please refund my amount
should've never updated the button is lagging real bad can't play game because of the lagging please fix asap thanks
not work in all game pad, please fix. saya sudah aktivasi tapi gamepad tetap tidak berfungsi, mohon segera di perbaharui
hi i download the app but its usb dbug is not working becose when i download it says that the file is broken
worst app ever
the app works like a charm I can play almost all games using the emulator controller
bhahiya ye activate kaise ho gha PC se nhi ho raha please help me yaar
its great program work with me fine but after the pubg updated his game my joystick dose not work I can't move the player inside Pubg game , could you please fix this problem I deleted and re-install but the problem still there
i got a hard time looking for the working rar lol but it works just follow the steps for install u need pc for this to set it up
it doesn't work in usb controller, tried all supported version
i love it... great satisfaction
not supporting for quantum keypad. again purchased but no use.waste of money.
I can't play any game a buy this app but no release. And I'll content to the to activation is app has worked but after few seconds he's again disconnected.. Don't buy this app
very bad application. it requires activation after every si glr time you open this app from pc. dont waste your money guys its useless.
again again activation software doesn't properly work
bad app, controller stuck and freeze specially the analog. dont waste your money on this dev
good apps
there is a bug where every 6 seconds the gamepad is stack on the previous action that you did and it keeps repeating that action for 3 to 6 seconds and then again unfortunately you cant play pubg like that
Read the description. It works exactly as explained in the extended description. Great app. Works with 8bitdo controls*
With the recent update it's not working. Its frustrating.
Not working
evrey time u need to connect to pc for activation ... too bad
Good but need more Improvement !!
ich leben das
Very good.. Easy to use
Its activate for few seconds only.....After unplugging the cable,its again asking the activation.....I need my money back ,please!.I try more than 100 times. I need my money
I have redmi note 5 pro phone and quantum USB gamepad. I am unable to connect my quantum USB gamepad with this app. The app says No device connected. Kindly help me out.
my phone is 64 bit,it is not working in my phone,please guide me which one to buy,phone model name POCOPHONE F1!!!thanks in advance!and i want refund too!!
right ano analog not working
just refund the amount app will not activate with the f**ing link
nice working
Waste of money.. Bought the app, went to the link to activate it, but the rar file is corrupt. I must have tried 20 times downloading the rar file over and over again. Waste of time and money!
friggin awful app. pls dont pay for this. avoid folks. worse app ive purchased on Google play. If your reboot your phone u have to re-activate the app again. poorly written and implemented. AVOID
No support for PUBG even after activation for iPega Red Knight😕😕
nice app
Its lagging, the player keeps running by himself , they need to do alot of work, i edit the buttons and it wirks for 2 sec, then the player just keeps running allover the place. Very bad
ok what happened with new update?? lagging really bad after new update please fix the issue asap. if anyone experienced same issue please let them know in ur comments.
cannot work properly..so many times i follow their instruction to activate via pc, but still cant connect..i want to refund what i paid for! this app are rubbish! dont spend your money on them!
Not maximal
it not work and can't activate
please refund me
Es ist soooo schlecht. Ich habe gerade gekauft. Es funktioniert nicht. Jede Zeit man muss aktivieren. Ich möchte mein Geld zurück bekommen.
nice
Good
not working. My pc shows that Panda gamepad pro is activated but my android phone (oppo) didn't show the activation sign. kindly help me. i have also paid for the app. you people should help. Otherwise you have to face the serious consequences.
I used to play one hand with my gamepad (ipega 9025) when i touch the screen the analog stops please help me and solve this problem. have a great day:)
Worthless "BANNED" APP in playstore,Kindly refund my money.After goin through every steps as given,when u try to unzip the rar file with Activator,it dont proceed further.Says corrupted or unsupported file.This really puts playstores reputation in question.Totally depressed
just tell me how to get my refund. this thing is just a scam. really liked it but then again i cant turn on my pc to reconect every time i decide to play very disappointed
I should have read the reviews. Absolute garbage, did not save my activation. Cannot give 0 stars. Reporting publisher.
i couldn't activate my phone... I hope you resolve this please... or my money back. thanks
not working give me back my money its the worst . when i connected to the computer it wasn't active .. you are lier bad one and it's not in english on web
It works great. No problems what so ever. I use this with my Xbox one remote, and it performes great. Activation was a breeze. It does deactivate when you restart your phone but I rarely restart my phone so never had to reactivate besides testing. Using a LG phone and connect my remote via bluetooth. With a few button configurations (adding and erasing) then placement and you are done enjoy your game. PUBG!
Its dumb that I should have to activate so much I dont have the time dont buy this app I want ny money back
This app works but its limited it give you the option to add button but yet you cant use the added buttons it not worth the money at all
why do we need to pay and then spend more to get the thing to work its worst the getting adds on free apps
cannot activate on my samsung note 9.tried to download the activation file but it says its in unknown format or damaged. please help solve this or give me back a refund.
Good
please return my money and unstalled the app
activation link saying page not found! fix now please! ive paid and expect the app to atleast run! pathetic
Need to fix the activation issues if not make it free honestly I fell like I wasted $4 on this
Bad bad bad app. Give me my money back thievies
Don't work my mate 20 Pro issue problem help fix how
Why I can't move and aim at the same time in PUBG. I'm using a single handed controller.
Shouldnt have to have a pc just to hook up a damn ps4 controller to my phone to play a game.
Everytime I plugged out the cable, the activation just canceled. I tried like a dozen times, even with the wifi option.
Slow responding , need every time to activate, big waste of money
worst app Every time you want to play you have to attach it to pc then activate it then start the game.. pathetic, money suckers rather than enjoy it frustrates
doesnt support keyboard, LAME
I bought this app and it was totally misleading Before we pay for this you need to till us that you have to have PC to activate this app which I find it ridiculous as I don't have PC You have to tell us all we need to use this service in front with enough details for customers so we can see If we fulfill the requirements before we pay - you take my money for stupid reasons
The application is great, I has been using Optus since Phoenix OS. However, Panda Gamepad Pro is not support my phone (Mi 9, Android P). Hope the application will support my device in the upcoming update.
I have an alcatel 6062W and i can't get the activation to work. Can you guys help?
Bakwas app.. wasted so much time to activate it but.. hui hi nahi
Very disappointing. Bought this app to enjoy PUBG with controller but for some reason I can't activate or use this app. Please make a better amd easier process in activating or connecting this app. Will rate 5 star if it is implemented.
Only reasons I didnt rate it higher are because the sticks are choppy on pubg and I have to reactivate the app everytime my screen shuts off.
It works and so far its great.
too bad there is not a better system out there but this is all we got... Use the app at your own risk warning it's got issues
1 star cuz can't update i have no pc anymore.. How can i update when i have no pc.. 😭😭😭
Didnt work with phone
Your application problem this is fake application not working
Awsome
Does not work anymore, unless phone is always connected to pc
i am not able to activate gamepad pro on my OnePlus 7pro. tried everything. kindly help
great....and i like that it works well....it took a while for activation...but got it going....but now, every few days always have to reactivate...which is getting very annoying...sorry..went from 5 stars to 1 stars....need to get this fixed. Its getting too way out of hand....i just activated...not even an hour i have to activate it again....this app is just getting useless...
Seems that now activation is checked based on whether or not you actually purchased it. The unnecessary permission requests have been removed as well. Works great now!
Ok
Easy to follow instructions
I would like a refund this gamepad does not work properly even after i activated it. It kept cutting out with no controls. Only after i reset the app it would work again.
Was difficult to activate but after shutting off my anti virus everything worked. Only one problem while panda is activated in game on Android there is no sound. If there is a fix for this plz let me know. Then i will rate 5 stars
Beri pengaturan tombol turbo
Finally I activated this app... Thank you so much pandagame pad pro..........
Don't install not worth.. need refund
Need to connect phone to computer whenever you want to use a controller. Opening the overlay will disable game audio until you restart the game
This app sucks,waste of money, if there is a negative star ill give -5, followed instruction but still cannot activate, try to post the problem on facebook no one is answering, the link they provide is no longer exist. Lazy developer and support they only want our money.
Activation is hell
Every time when i turn off My Phone it need to activate This app Plezzz Fix this Problem or refund
Usefull app
This is terrible after reboot the phone. You need to re activate again
Imposible activar
It seems a phone must be rooted in order to activate?
your file is not activate PC
Doesn't work on Poco F1 with supported Gamepad
Everytime i stop the application, it need to re-activated by PC, please make it simple by only one time activate...
The activation process is ridiculous. Get rid of it. Edit: went through the activation process and the app simply doesnt work. Set up all the keymaps and there's no input response on any game. Appalling. I cant even get my money back. Would rate 0 if I was able to.
100% work... Op7pro without root
This app is terrible at no point will it ever work and in order to use it. You have to constantly validate your phone by hooking it to your pc. It's annoying and shouldn't be a thing. Should be 0 stars, but can't give that. Give me a refund!
I don't recommend this app because you have to activate it every time you want to play with computer, i hope they fix that
Complicated activation, activation file on PC side has a troyan , after restart phone Panda Gamepad Pro request activation again.
Everything seems to be working 100%, haven't had any issues at all. There is one thing that I feel is missing and should be added, which is the adjustment of inner deadzones of the analog sticks.
Nice
Why it's always asking for activation... after playing one time it looses its activation
Great app but its doesn't work after the most recent update
I thought this actually wouldnt work but it did thank you im glad i paid for this
I purchased it on my android TV box ( GT King ) and can't get it activated as there's no port to plug in a " phone cable " into for data connection to pc. What can I do to activate it and I'll give you 5 stars
Activation is not working its just activating for 1 hour, after 1 hour its showing no activation, why this happening, plz anybody can help me how to activate for permanently,
its the best
Worst app in the century
Everything is good after last update, but still there is the worst thing in this app (activation method) I think you should add another method to activate it without PC or Laptop. Because I'm traveling so much without my laptop and sometimes I need to restart my phone and this makes me lose the activation, please fix this problem to make this app easier for all. Thanks
Smartphone doesn't make you smart, it is you, make it smart. No PC No Worry. First, root your smartphone and it will be activated by itself after some simple setup
Fail activation when developer off after activated
Patient. Make sure USB connecting have to proper connected to your computer. We cannot simply plug in USB cable to PC. For me, i have tried multiple times to get actived. But now i fix the problem by myself. First, you have to install application to support your device. For example, my Phone is Huawei, and i have to install HiSuite to my computer. After installing, plug in your USB cable and your computer will verify your device. After verification, follow the steps given by the application..
Too hard to operate. Needs to activate on pc everytime you use it.
Worest app
Perfect gamepad. I love it
Do not waist your money here, unless you want to plug in or connect your PC everytime you want to use this app, why cant the devs just make it simpler!
I don't recommended others buy it because < activation link not working < you have to be IT technicians to understand their instructions < you have to change your privacy settings and security settings < and all of that it's not working It's Scam scam scam scam < itc... I bought because it's recommended by octubos, this is my mistake I need money back or fix the issue
Garbage app. I paid 4 bucks for this thing not to work. Won't activate on my phone. Because the activator cant find my phone
Simply amazing
Gamepad need to re-calibrate every time the app is restarted. Need to re-activated app via usb every time the app is restarted. Cannot use recent button or keyboard when the app is enabled, which is totally important.
Oppo f11 pro can't play
Waste of money
please fix these application i spend my money buying your apps but till now its still not working well and its on beta
I purchased but I couldn't even use it because it is tellimg me that there is no device/emulators found. When I checked, it I found out that I have to root my phone? OMG. that is very dangerous. O want my money back!
Activator doesnt work, following instructions from step to step but after CMD opens on PC nothing is happening. Tryed many times. This sucks :(
This is not work... please mera pysa bapas kijiya.....
Can't not activate on my phone. Send a message on Facebook page and no help at all. Looks like they just taking your money and giving nothing back.
don't waste your time and money people!
very nice didn't get ban on pubg activation is weird (you need a pc...) but other than that great app also I had to activate mine twice kinda weird
Even if you miraculously manage to activate this software, it will most likely NOT work as advertised. as much as I like the concept, it just does not work. But, still, I cannot get over the fact that they implemented the activation system this scummy. You need a PC to activate this, and, of course, there is 0 support for this PAID software in case you are confused. Nothing but a cashgrab bait.
Im using a ipega red knight controller and a poco f1. I bought this app to play pubg and everytime i try opening the game it crashes when the game starts and has no such issues when playing directly without the panda gamepad app. I bought this app solely for the use of playing pubg if this is not possible please refund the money. Or atleast make it possible so that u can play pubg.
Very good mapping tool so easy to use with the ps4 controller.
I have no game pad!!!!
App works, but needs to be activated everytime the game is quit out of.
Automatically deactivate after 30 min, please help
need to route phone sam note 8 developer I don't want to need this app please refund my money
How to activate this? I Can't solve.
it sucks keeps telling me your tool is a virus
your app is junk
this app is wrost active bug is a big problem of this app
not working
Go
how to activate
Need support to activate i download the zip file and extracted and each time i try to activate he give me message "Connect your phone to pc and try again" although it was connected already Anybody to help me how to activate it?
Can you please do something about the right analog stick it seemed to get stuck When turn left or right And no it's not my controller just bought a new ps4 controller When you push down both of the analog sticks and option comes up Where you can move around a tracer Is there a way to disable this Because it messes up my game play and it sucks If not can you make it a option to disable that future Otherwise the app is a 5 star rating Thank you
scam
it was $6 for me to take hours out of my time trying to activate the damn thing, and the audio doesnt even work for any game when I play with panda gamepad pro, I wanna know how I can fix said problem, it's hard to play when you cant hear anything especially in a game where audio an important aspect of the game
Sa imi bag pula in aplicația voastră, ma pune sa o activez odată la 10 secunde, nu merita nici 10 bani ma pis pe ea!
ok
only problem is that i need a PC to activate
when I downloaded the activation download on my PC my antivirus McAfee program detected a malignant file. I am super upset especially when I peed for the app and this comes up.
i will give u 5 stars if u help me how tu use this with mouse and keyboard when u play PUBG,, key mapping for keyboard doesn't work and u can see krusor mouse...please...HELP ME... i buy this app but got nothing... EDIT : DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS APP...THEY DIDN'T RESPON FOR YOUR PROBLEM
i already buy and activated it last night...and im so happy....but this morning, its need to activated again.....i go so many miles away last night just to borrow my friend laptop and activated it....but now im so sad....
this is the best mapping app if you know how to troubleshoot at some part.. I'll make a tutorial with diffrent games and scenarios. I'll update my comment when I already have a video
when i play to pubg with my wireless joystick, its some time stuck and not working properly, if all bug's are fixed once, this is a very good app for pubg fans, as Soon as possible developer team please release your stable version, i am waiting for stable version
pubg keys are there but the functionality and ease is not. mapping code was rushed and needs to be smother. too jerky even with low sensitivity.
Worst only working for pubg not for other games
bakwaas
really desapointing since i cannot play pudg asking for mor and mor applications but still cannot play pubg and I spend lots of money Google Play and it is really really disappointed
Does anyone know if the .exe file have a virus?
I want to refund this app my little brother make a very big trouble
voice does not work in cod and lag lag
it's too bad it need everyday to reactivate wt?? last update not working with not9 update date 7 /Aug
Love
A-Z
Best than Octopus
Wow
good job
game guardian doesn't work, can you give me link for optimised game guardian
doesnt wont properly on my IPEGA PG-9100 while playing PUBG. single handed mode completely doesnt work and normal mode i can use either gamepad or mobile screen. cant use both at same time for walking and aiming.
pc .ke bina open nhi hoaga PC hai tu hi kharido bhai pc system band karo
Not working with PS4 controller. Controller connected via bluetooth but not showing in panda app. Then connected via cable right pad not calibrating. Please tell us how to fix it.
sucks
this has to be the worst keymapper I have seen, firstly it makes you plug the phone into a computer and use a file you downloaded to activate panda every time you turn off your phone and secondly it just stops working all the time and puts a mouse symbol that drags on your screen when trying to use the computer and they make you pay for this junk
there is no option to use Keyboard and Mouse. it will set up only for Gaming controller. Even if you connected with Keyboard and mouse.
I need my money back
i paid for this coz i thot it would be easy for me to use ,but it keeps on deactivating when disconnected from the pc. what a waste!
Well this work atleast. more-less like octopus. i can play PUBGm. the downside is. i cant play other game. like tower fortress, or sky force. the games freeze. did i do something wrong here? please need your guide. thank you.
Will give this app 5 stars when you add an option to change the trigger/slow down for the right joystick. Need to be able to customize that button option. Also the sound being disabled after touching the panda or putting an appin the background then back in. Sound will be gon UNTILL A FULLGAME RESTART.
I can't use touch with joystick .. Brand (ipega 9025)
nyc
great app, does what it says which is let you play with any bluetooth controller. great job devs. one problem worth pointing out, everytime i close and reopen app i need to do the activation again. if this can be fixed through future update i will 5 star this review
IT WORKS!!!!
don't buy this
Why we need to activate from pc I bought this app because I don't have pc. I play game on mobile and I waste my money. I recommend mobile gamers not to buy this app.
Ok
pls add games identity v and blank city etc
I cant active my tablet chuwi hi10 plus help me..
owsm
I think the activation is only for keyborad I only want to use gamepad
i cant play single handed gamepad....but i can play gamepad option...with mocute single handed gamepad
can you refund my amount.
little bit difficult at first but when I got the activation out of the way it works perfectly. for pubg though I would go into a game and then click on the panda head to tweak the button position.
app keeps crashing always...
turns the sound off in call of duty which is the only reason i brought this. please fix or refund. even says call of duty supported in last update but still has no sound, once 1st game is over or u click on the panda config button sound is gone till u close the app/game and restart it all again. 😡
this app actually works and is completely legit. only issues I have are no gamevice d-pad support and it constantly keeps deactivating. I dont always have a computer nearby to activate. I'm not sure if there's a permanent activation or a solution to this problem especially for the Razer Phone, maybe the dev's can get a hold of me and educate me on this. once activated this app is almost perfect.
totally west of money dont buy this app if u don't have laptop or pc its to activate without pcor laptop
would 5 star it but after a few week's u have to reactivate it and keep it plugged into the laptop just to play
Works Great once you follow the steps and runs smoothly, but its a hastle having to plug your phone to your PC every time you want to use it, other than that it would he a 5 star
l am activated in both ways (Wi-Fi mode also) but when unplug PC app show again activation
trash nothing more
After activation then playing the game it needs to reactivate again when plugged out on the pc. Need not to unplugged on the PC after activation so that you can play longer but after a while of plying the game it will deactivate and need to activate again. pls make update on this.
Remove Activated....
Sir Please refund back my money, as I had tried my level best but couldn't succeed and on top of that this is not for keyboard mouse.
the first time I raided this one star but that was cuz I did not know exactly how to properly install the app through the website that it gives you. if you are having the same problem I was having please go to someone who knows more about computers to help you install the app once that is done believe me you'll be having the best gaming experience ever that is why I switch my rating from one star to a full five stars
not working Panda gamepad pro
Unable to activate with tool
that is wast of time
both hard
This application has to be repeated activation process on my realme 2pro phone.
spent money on this and it doesn't even let me activate the damn thing, plus I tried contacting for help and no reply!!!!
not working whenever i push the button the app not responding,
I disconnected my smartphone and had to activate the application by Pc again, will fix this bug?
gg
not found my phone on pc even i allow usb debugging i paid money for this but not usefull so i sugget the begginers please check the review and go useless app i ever used trash and fake
Octopus gave me less issues than Panda does atm, it works though. My guess for the constant reactivation is due to the OS safeguard, as it is simply injecting the code into memory which is wiped on reboot. In order for the code to be permanent, I'd imagine the phone would indeed have to be rooted. Otherwise, cloning is the next best option, hence Octopus.
ممتاز وشغال مع بوبجي وجربته على كم يد ضبط ويشتغل على يد الاكس بوكس مع الجوال مع بوبجي
The Developers need to make an Activated version upon purchase for Panda Gamepad Pro. Just increase the price to $20-$30 and then people can play right after they buy it no set. The company will make alot more money and continue to afford helping make Panda Gamepad Pro the best it can be all around!!!!
i cannot explain..its saying so many warnings about private information..why..
i want my money back right now
I got Mocute 058 . Button work but when combine with screen touch i got problem. Fix this issue asap.. thanks.
dont make me app panda so android to PC panda gamepad how to connect app tell me ..
it keeps asking me for activation EVERYDAY even if it was successfully done yesterday, totally useless when u're not at home... 0 credit to their assistance still waiting for an answer ... dont buy it unless you're always connected to your computer !
after some time of succesfull activation it again ask for activation what the heck refund my money back 😡
very bad key mapping i can't play when i just press any button it don't work and also the app is very slow it needs to be fixed
activation is a problem because I will be on the road for 30 to 45 days and when it requires another activation i can't do it until i get home which isn't an option for a couple weeks sometimes. this app is amazing except for that one issue.
hard too
this app required a Windows software to use. when i downloaded it has virus detected. don't buy this malicious app.
แอพขยะใช้จริงไม่ได้
v need to acrivate everytime v open the app
Keeps crashing every 30 minutes
Sweeeet!
pese khaa liye jiskay paas pc naa hoo woo kese krga
not working at all. tried many times on my phone but it didnt activate. follow all the instruction but still no luck
my gamepad is not activated please fix my problem when i want to connect it on pc then it's says try again it's not connected
absolutely bogus app i have already lost my money but neithee the app is getting activate d nor its playing properly.I am really upset with this behavior from google.i want my money refunded as quickly as possible.
bekar h ek dam mera game pad ni lag rha h only bluetooth support return my money
worst app , sometime after deactivate automatic and no activation without pc.
Hi, Sir i am buy a panda gamepad and pc to activated but problem is I play games and exit the game and again open the app show me no activete why sir please help me sir
Activator does not permanent my phone oppo f9 pro
every time i open it wants reactivation !
ive tried numerous times to activate it on a pc but it dont recognize my phone. i have a xaiomi redmi note 5 pro global version.
do i nees to buy the not beta to have the activation?
it needs an activation, in which for thos who dont have a pc, or internet, isnt good. it stops any sort of controller input
Dont try to download this, its a scam.
works great
all time need activated
good app
pls help, I want to return my purchase.... this app is not working..
bad app, nothing works
alway ask to activate via desktop
Really annoying 😡 every time i tried to activate the software automatically deactivated then no work of Gamepad at all really bad.. 00 🌟
this is a good app but why I need to active it for nothing? I've try several times to active it but need to be rooted. please fix this problem I pay for this app
first u need to learn to activate this future then install it
not working Perfect
Absolutely perfect (after setup). I highly recommend this if you are familiar with using development options on your phone, however, if you are not this will take around an hour to setup (which is why i gave it four stars not five). After setup though controls are buttery slick with no input lag. Highly recommend (But only if you are tech savvy).
best
Terrible. Does not work. I followed the instructions and it failed to actually work. I want a refund!
followed their instructions step by step but the app keep asking for activation minutes after disconnecting from my pc. i tried contacting them but they didnt respond.
went from 5 star to 3. after activating, working just fine played alot of PUBG. I restarted my phone and now I have to activate again. luckily I dont have my pc near me. so now I cant use it.
does not work at all, waste of time
It Needs panda peripheral, other device wont work
super app
bad working don,t buy
guys app is asking for activation every second day. fix it and make it stay activated atlest a week😑😑😑😑
That having to reactivate every me phone restarts it's tedious, not explained, AND two different game controllers keep getting stuck to one side or another, AND, WHY DOES IT NEED SO MANY PERMISSIONS?? WE ARE ALREADY PAYING, why would we have our data mined on top of that? Couldn't Uninstall fast enough.
playing COD mobile but its interfering with sound. maybe it's because, its connect via bluetooth.
simple use, has some bugs like in pubg if you reload and move it wont let you. if you do it the other way around it works fine. Also the button layout keys are marked like that of an xbox control and I dont really know the xbox keys
not supporting one plus 5t
not working waste of money
plz refund monny
not active properly so difficult otherwise good
this app is a beast
please dont purchase this aap . i paid 109 rupees and waste 8 days to activate the gamepad but still i am not able to activate panda game app my laptop window is 7 and whenever i tried to activate this aap error shows your mobile USB is not connected with your pc while mobile debugging is on and check by me sevaral time but same error shwing please help me ......
after purchasing the app for my son, i cant get it to work even after i connected to my pc. frastrated with how difficult this app is made for people to use.
very bad app .. it's asking activation every time i switch on to play game... i purchased it worth 109/- but all wasted... worst app i have every seen to play game ... don't download it
really like a refund still havent seen it
activation not stay, otherwise developer option is to stay on
I've read a lot of comments saying how this doesn't work and how it's a waste of time, but once I tried it and followed all the steps, it worked perfectly. I did have to watch a video on how to extract files on Windows 10 but that's all I had to do other than following the instructions they already have. They were very easy to follow and understand and I was honestly expecting this to work poorly from the reviews, but just follow the instructions and you'll be fine. (Samsung Galaxy A50)
activation error came
once i finally got the app up and running my mapping was very inacreate mapping kept moving on its own trash app waste of my money id like it back please
Everytime i reboot my phone it says i have to activate even i activate it many times , I want a refund . (POCO F1)
Same as others. Getting it activated isn't that hard. KEEPING it that way is painful. Who wants to carry a laptop with them to re-activate it all the time? Also, response time with a PS4 controller on PUBG vs. regular finger input is noticeably delayed.
key is very dificult to understand for pubg ...pls pre assign 4 best setting ..
didn't work
when this product works, it does what it is supposed to do... however, the activation process is tedious and, if your phone has to restart (as mine does; i frequently run my battery down to zero) then you will find yourself having to REactivate the program. this is not explained prior to purchase, and even then is not very apparent that if you have to restart your phone because the app froze, then plan on reactivating. EDIT: I reduced to one star because it sucks it's buggy and freezes too much
don't download this app if u dont have pc or laptop and no guarantee its work i buy this app so i suggest you all dont download this app
Good app
connecting probleme
sye suka sebab xdapat main PUBG
i am try to activate following 2 step is done but pc connected step is not done. trying so many time but it's showing on debugging but it's already on don't know how to on now
completly and utterlly disgusted with this apps performance
trash
does this app have the ability to map parts of the screen to colume buttons like octpus does?
Does not respond to customer's difficulty.
it's hard to setup! my device is not supported!
how to activate?
fake I one my money back this is trash not even working I did all step but not working I one my refund back
wasted time the files are nod downloading
activation does not work and the idea is weird. why would it need so complicated activation procedure at all?
i changed my mind cause whenever i turn my phone off this app keeps on saying that its not activated. Im sick on keeping activating it using my computer. if thers a refund for this i would rather buy another app.
best because in this app key sitting customised options available and i use its working on PUBG MOBILE GAMER but one steps required in this app is active from pc and computer using before enjoy very easy hai My friend ok anything problem YouTube channel on /$upgrade work tips watch my video it's fully steps by step guide you follow me
after activate panda ingame phone freez just can't tap on him .
been struggling for hours to get it to activate it keeps saying device not found and it is plugged in usb debugging is activated waste of money this is a scam
nice app pubg mobile play
I'll try to stay very subjective about my experience: Pro: the app is working very good on my device (BV9600Pro) and the games i play with gamepad. live the fine aiming feature, UI is pretty simple, but the activation has done problems (after reboot or app says is not active) Cons: i would love a feature so that i can save the mapping layout within the app with name and so that i can choose it from a list. mapping simply diapers without reason in Pubg.multiple key action glitches sometimes.
Kena download dkt laman web tapi ada virus
good
i havent time to reactivation every i open this program
virus for pc thanks😒🖕
EDIT: Note 9 N9600 snapdragon. gamepad mocute 058 one handed.. the issue is whenever you touch the screen there will be interrupt with the gamepad. one hand mode enabled, also set on mocute auto not pubg mode. -please fix the interruption when using the gamepad moving right Joystick or buttons while touching the screen like view moving !
please fix the app as it becomes unresponsive and it makes the whole phone freeze. We are paying for a gaming experience and not for the app to stop responding time and again. I request the developers to look into it.
you up to download something on the computer and after you download it it doesn't even work. please just make it so you don't have to use a computer
I want my money back worst app ever doesn't work i tried everything to activate but doesn't work at all.....
PUBG WORKS PERFECT BEST APP EVER FOR USING A GAMEPAD!!!🎮🎮🎮
love it for pubg
the thing that I hate is that you have to use a computer to activate it
Pretty good, but I always need to reactivate it.
It works perfectly. There's so many options for mapping and the activation process is pretty straightforward. If you have a rooted phone it's much more easier though but it's working nonetheless. Thank you for your work!
Every time its need activations fix activation one time
don't use ....
The activation is bothering me. Every time I run the app it must run. Its too expensive for work in progress too. Find a way out of activation loop am stuck in. Qnd why the hell there are multiple versions of this app and all need paying its confusing
easy to use
very bad this app
You pay 3 euro for nooting.
after all the activation thing the app just doesnot work. keys are being recognized but controlling wih the gamepad is not possible
This aap is not working my phone what I do
this app is yousless its a waist of time and money you also need to be rooted so dont bothere ,not even with the trogen they make you download on ur pc
Im using mocute 058 it's a single handed controller so maybe it doesn't happen with any normal controller. This app is so buggy af, it's messing with my phone touch screen (random touches and can't even press back or home button) even after i disconnected my controller and the only way to resolve it is by restarting my phone. Luckily i still can get a refund, so i hope the next time the dev already solved the problem pubgm is still popular
zip file not open
REFUND!!! Dont ignore me, whats the meaning to purchase if u cant even use it, don't tell me keep trying activate it, its STRAIGHT 2 DAYS I'VE TRIED!! not thousand even MILLION times and several ways i tried still the problem is the activator can't detect the phone connected, its simple, just REFUND me.
doesnt support multitouch, refund please or solve my problem my gamepad mocute 058 and my device Asus Maxpro 1, i've been email you, but you didnt reply
Necesito ayuda para activar, el procedimiento de activación no funciona, es intermitente se desactiva.
chityaaung
play like a noob... totally waste of money.... dont pay for it.... just buy 60 uc in pubg mobile....
so far it works perfectly!!
how to contact to gamepad its not good reply me fast
have been trying for four straight hours to get this panda to activate so I can use my game controller on pubg. But just like everyone else that downloads and pays for this app cannot get it to work. And just like everyone else I'm asking for my money back. Octopus was way easier to operate but pub g made octopus to where you can't use it but it will let you use Panda when it's the very same thing as long as you pay for it. It's just a money scheme is all it is I want my money back ASAP!!!
useless app, doesn't work at all in my redmi y3 with mygt gamepad
I wasn't able to activate it on my laptop it was going to give my computer a virus
_ zero star's i want may mony back
nice one app
App is good overall, but when i turn on gyroscope in pubgm the right analog starts glitching and doesn't work properly.. Please fix this in later updates
still keeps crashing
this is a pathetic app that doesn't work. dont waste your time
pls fix the Activation... everytime i restart it needs to reactivate😟 but its a great app anyway specially if your phone is ROOTED
i try and try the activation for my phone. enable debugging thingy Connect your phone to pc but still it doesn't work. it always saying can't find my phone. i want my money back useless app.i try finding solutions on youtube still the results are the same
i pay many get this app. i can't activate.....I have no PC...bad..sad...
Good but lots of bugs in it we have need to activation after reboot or 2-3 days later it very bad bug to do activation agai and again
hampa tak pandai nk seting,toturial lengkap tak ada😕😕
i didn't really understand how to do it before, but now i did my search on youtube and i found how to do it step by step, it work really easy, super Excellent Apps, Keep improving for update.
you get sent to abwebsite to activate it. BUT website doesnt exist. i would love to have my money back. Total waste of not just money but time
A little difficult getting activation, but it does work. I purchased it to play PUBG and it works as well. Just wish you would enhance the movements. like being able to run aim and shoot to the sides at the same time. seems like theres no way to do that. Every time you want to shoot an enemy that's on the side you have to stop aim and shoot. Please fix, or let me know what I'm doing wrong. Thank you
The app does let you use a controller with games but may as well not, because it will constantly ask you to 'activate' it which requires a PC. I repeat, constantly, everytime I need to use it I have to activate it. If you are considering this as an app to help you play games while you are out and about, then it is next to useless. I paid money for this trash and would not recommend you do the same. IF I AM ANYWHERE NEAR MY PC I WILL BE PLAYING GAMES ON THAT, NOT MY PHONE. Incompetent devs.
why every time need activation..........whenever i open this app every time it showing need to activation
it's scaming they need to activat but activator is not working
Not working at all, get hang while playing any game. Please fix this ASAP.
Works well, no bans.If the developer add a feature that can translate joystick button to screen swipes it will be perfect for gaming with joystick.
cant believe an app thats so popular for such an popular game is so dam bad and its like they dont even read the reviews to make a change. so many people complain about the activation issue and its still there smh i have my controller for months now and cant use it cause i dont able keep on activating it over and over. and what happens to all those who dont have a computer
Every time I activate the app and connect the controller via usb otg it says needs to activate again.
well
please do read this!! kindly remove the activation it just waste of time what if we're not around at home no laptop and everything how we can use it again come to think of it idiots!
This app not working for gamepad and touch screen playing at the same time. If it is still in beta mode, why charging money, and worse it is not completely working
doesn't work i want my money back
Love this app! 👌🖒
Greate application, But add function to calibration D-Pad keys please.
Connecting frequently to a PC is a headache
Warning!!!!look somewhere else as Activation can be a hassle. Dont waste your cash!cheers
baar baar pc se connect karna padta hai aur har bar file dactivate Ho jati hai
I have problem with my activation, I'm using huawei nova 3i, since i purchase the apps until now I still can't activate it. 😭 I had followed all the instruction and also watching all the youtuber regarding the steps to activate it but failed.
waste my money
nice work
bakwas app bar bar activation karo and device connect karne k baad bhi device not connected show karta hai
Scetchy activation...
I hope this app is getting better
i buy this app i waste money
Thank you
Great app I'm happy with it
people you do know controller is not as good as touch controls the on screen buttons are are but moveing fills like a mouse pad already. its only good for platform games.
Need to be activated on PC always
not working.... keep saying " phone not found...." I am helpless.... did everything right yet it's not working.... this is bad....
useless
on my Xiaomi 4a , it stops the mapping service on background when I open PUbg , random crashes!!!
PLEASE STOP NAGGING ABOUT ACTIVATION AND BE APPRECIATIVE FOR AN EFFORT FOR YOU TO PLAY WITH BANNED SUPPORT. The app is good. I have managed to fix issues with cable disconnected deactivation by using wifi.bat. I have only one issue and it is that I can't aim using the screen. every time I do the controller gets stack. so I have to use one or another. it's ok for just simple touch but aiming and shooting is at the same time is impossible. please fix this as this is the apps main downfall.
so great app special thanks
Waste of mony, don't buy
horrible. do not buy.
Can't use tap and gamepad at once when I use single handed gamepad. and the app seems broken when I activate single handed mode. I can't move panda icon and can't touch anything
Refund Please
i just activated panda but how about no ban after hacking pubg .. i cloned pubg and gameguardian to the panda but still request a cloning app for game guardian .. when i did so and logged in playing pubg ..i instantly got banned .. why??!! .. what's about no ban for panda ???.. i wasted my money for nothing ...
I decided to give it a 4 star now because it works good and I know you guys could make work better for single hand held game pad is just a bit laggy but am waiting for the next update so you guys could optimize it then it would be much amazing than what it is thanks developers.
fake dose not get activate even after paying
so far so good. Only have had it for a day and love it so far. but I'm sure I'll run into one of the problems I read about in the reviews. haven't yet tho so 5 stars
not activated I will try pc camand error (vivo) without pc any option.
Activation Process is very annoying.
If I had excess to my pc I wouldn't be playing games on my phone. I have not used the app and probably never will. Absolute waste of of money
cool
makes you reactivate it every single time you restart the app...makes it 100% usless unless using this app directly at your pc. will be asking for a refund if not addressed immedialty
i cant activate this app on my Oppo cph1701,, i bought already,, please help, or else give my money back!!
the software itself works fine and it's not to complicated if you know how to follow directions the problem I'm having is you need to activate this damn thing constantly. who's bright idea was that? I have to continually turn on my laptop and run the program to have this thing activated. when I'm away and I want to play my games I occasionally get no activated. makes me so mad
activation of this repeatedly every when we hv to play .. its not working on ps3 controller always need pc to activation money also not refund yet
bongsing168@gmail
Phone: note 9, gamepad: gamesir g4s, ipega 9021. The app does work, but not with all games. Works with Sword of xolan, but on Super DD and Sonic 1 the moment I enable panda from the floating widget the game freezes. The games seem frozen when the app is activated, but unfreeze when deactivated. I am refunding it now and will wait for an update before re buying. Please keep up the effort, an app like this is super useful.
not supported on mocute 058 i ask for refund
Nah,its does't work for me,can't get to work like the input(button) from the control to the phone(after done mapping,its does't respont from the contoller),try with different game(pubg n ml) still not working,no problem with the control thought.help
cannot work out
after activation it's working but then if try to log out and back to this app again it said that you need to activate again so annoying Grrrrr!!!
After the game start Touch screen not working · Can't do something without switch off
this such trash app i never seen before such waste money
This works great for PS4 controller. I had no problem mapping and playing War Robots. Its a little tricky to activate through PC, just follow the instructions and your set to go.
at first it workingvery well, but after sometimes it not functioning anymore.. not recommended.
works great on pubg
quero meu dinheiro de volta
Can't even use the app since the glitch of using the analog stick and touching the right screen where it stop doing something after pressing the button simultaneously in pubg.
Couldn't connect threw pc
how can i activate this app from my PC?, i had tryed this several times, i had activated the usb debugging then i connected my Phone with PC but when i open the activator it's showing 'your phone is not connected or please turn on the usb debugging' pls help or refund my money
It make my phone get low battery fast.... Need improvement... Make it slowly
still need to confirm in my pc? the hell after i bought it still need to confirm on pc? need another app in pc? i thought its ready to use in my gamepad but still need to use your pc to activate it this app is not usefull at all dont buy it!!
work great. but need to reactivate if you restart devices
i give it 2.5 stars. however, you have to "activate" the app everytime your phone restarts. it would be fine if you could complete the task on the phone, but you have to connect to a pc to complete the activation (which in itself if a pain). if this gets fixed it will get a 5. in summary, the purchase was well worth it, and the app works great with my gamepad.
very bad total mony vest bakwaasss
so I had troubles at first,when I finally got it activated I didnt have any troubles with the activation falling off but woke up this morning and now I am. this issue needs to be resolve I dont always take my laptop with me. please fix
it's a good gamepad
paid and app didnt work
Can't activate it!!!!!!!! To the developer, try to have a simple activation procedure it might give you a 2, 3, or 4 even a 5 star, but for now I just give my ONE(1) STAR COZ THERE IS NO HALF OR A QUARTER STAR.
it the best please do buy it and try it
purchased the app 1 week ago and have been ever since trying to activate it. have followed all instruction in the app to no success. have FB messaged Panda Gaming studio for support and have had no response. absolute waste of money! Have finally managed to get it working, absolutely amazing, 1 star becomes 5 star
dont download it
ga sia2 gw beli anjir mantap kali udah gitu ga lag.. smoothnya gua suka.. gamepad gw jadi berguna.. uh nice ty.. terus kembangkan gan jangan sampai di ban oleh pihak game..
just bought this app to play pubg, it was already activated but then it doesn't work in mi max 3 android. I'll make this 5 stars if useable.
I just wanna play pubg without the hassle, and it won't refund it. This sucks
WORSE APPLICATION AFTER I PAID AND ACTIVATE IT WILL DEACTIVATE AGAIN AFTER I ACTIVATE WHY LIKE THIS? AND YOUR SELLING BETA APP? WHAT KIND OF DEVELOPER ARE YOU? TOO MUCH PROBLEM OF YOUR APP NOW YOU ARE SELLING YOU SHOULD TRY IT AND BECOME OFFICIAL NEFORE SELLING.
It keeps asking you to repeat the activation process, which is really ridiculous for a paid app. Unfortunately there aren't many alternatives out there.
already pair controller but not show in apps..plz update PG 9120 single controller.
it's not for android then why it's in playstore
Read a lot of reviews and said to myself "should I buy it?" but my impulse just believed in the very few good comments so I purchased it. I want my money back. I followed every single step. the whole click 7 times for the developer, USB thing ON, unzipped the file on my PC with winrar and STILL the activate file wont find my phone after plugging it in. Tried everything even closing all my apps, restarting my phone, watching hours of youtube videos. I wasted almost 6 hours of my time. Waste of $$$
Beware that this is an offshoot of Octopus keymapper, they require strange activation methods where you need a PC and they want permission to install apps without notifications.
good
a moment after activating .. it says "need activation" again and again waste of time
CAN'T CONNECT
it can't be activated. i am trying several times but it can't be activated. please help me to install it
recently this apps getting unresponsive and a little bit not smooth please fix it
Please refund my money or fix this problems 1. all key work properly, but right analog not work properly it only work up and down only and not seen left and right aiming. It only aiming up and down only, Left keymap dosn't work properly 2. panda gamepad deactivate after 1 to 2 hour, And i have to again activate with pc, i m doing this this several time,but same problem, analog dosent work properly
great, easy to use
cant activate the divice, try to contact on FB but no answer...
Requires constant reactivation and doesn't provide any info on permissions required (cam, phone and storage)
Disappointed App +taking money for the activation & is not work properly through the PC
What you should have fixed/updated is the activation problem. Why do you have to activate after every disconnection? That's stupid!!!!!
i want refund but there is no option like that. i uninstall it within 12 hours but i have not options to get refund. please officials i want refund on this if i can purchase gamepad i will install it again. good app i dont have any issues regarding this app but improve your refund polices
no funciona bien
this app does not work i need my refund back
Can't even control the basic remote camera! Very disappointed. Please fix it soon. Thx. (Response to developer review: Hey, your app doesn't support feature to control camera. )
Doesn't work with Amazfit app, only Mi Fit app.
Can not seem to intergate with Google Fit. There is no option for HeartRate.  Can you email me so I can show you the screenshot.
Used it on my Bip, wish there was GTR support 😀
boa tarde, estou tendo problemas com recursos de sensor, a opção de joinha funciona somente por alguns segundos depois de habilitado, e a opcao de aumentar o volume, meu relógio vibra mas nada acontece. se necessário me passe um e-mail para fornecer mais informações. atenciosamente.
Nice that it can change the band face, but everything else is not reliable. I'm constantly missing notifications (all battery optimizations are off, it is locked, and running)
not working with amazfit app
This was the best app ever when I bought it over a year ago. It transformed my Amazfit into something incredible. Since then the developer has continued to update and maintain this app, making the watch more powerful and more capable. The best app purchase I've ever made. It's like getting brand new better watches every few months! And now watch face support!!!!
really great app worth the money, wish it could change font size for notifications on my BIP watch. managing button for music controller is great, accepting and rejecting calls with text works flawlessly. we will see what updates bring.
very good
battery drain issue
A "must have" app!
Плохо работает на Xiaomi Redmi Go. Постоянно вылезает уведомление с требованием включить доступ к уведомлениям, там написано, что не поддерживается, и дальше есть 1 секунда на то, чтобы выполнить какое-то действие в программе, после чего опять вылезает уведомление.
It is a good app. I only use it to change the volume in my tws headphones. If it had a way to control de volume by sliding up and doen after double pressing the button or at least a faster change in volume with the current method more peolple would be using it. Developers, this could be a great selling point, a lot of people are using tws headphones now and have to take their phone out everytime they need to change the volume.
This is what the MiFit app should be A little complex, but youndont have to get too deep into the options to appreciate this app. I was a little disappointed with the Bip until I got this app.
Great app, but lucks of Amazfit Verge support. I'm now using verge so forced to move from this app
Really disappointed that I can't actually read texts.  I need that more than just a notification that I got one.
The app itself seems maybe  OK, but the customer service is the worst I have ever encountered with a paid app. What happened: I have been unable to find any way to quit the app and its background daemon without completely uninstalling the app. I checked their online support wiki with no joy. So, I sent an email to their support email address describing the problem. What I got back was an automated response telling me to go see the wiki (which I had alreqady done), and if that didn't help send another email. They then state that another email would NEVER be seen by anyone in their development community who actually knows anything. To heck with them. I don't mind paying for apps. I figure that's what keeps the developers in business and provides me with a modicum of support. In this case, no support. I'm outta here. Adios.
I miss weather settings, update etc.
oho! the new watchface update is bliss!!!
Got it a couple of days ago and after setting it up, this app is very good.  It handles sms, phone calls and provides tons of options for the amazfit bip.   Still working on email notifications but everything else works just great I would recommend this for anyone looking for additional info and tools on their watch
Last update added the full network access permission, presumably for the watch face feature. Given the other permissions this app has im not comfortable with this. Will shortly be moving to Gadget Bridge.
It's a must have app for Amazfit Bip, it manages app notifications to the watch a lot better than Mi Fit or other apps that provide notifications to the watch, also it offers better heart rate metrics and adds programmable actions to Bip button, possibility to use custom wathcfaces from amazfitwatchface, sleep metrics etc. My only request would be to add within the app weather settings management, Mi Fit weather and current weather are awful, it doesn't allow to select a weather provider and sync intervals for current weather are not consistent, some times it's not updating for more than a day. Please take my request into consideration for next release and thank you for a great app.
Good App Its Working With My Watch,Great Job Guys Its Really Nice App.
It doesn't work with Amazfit Pace :(
overall great app however basic function for clicking photo is missing. it will be appreciated if you make it available
Notifications are so late even my amazfit is so close to phone
realy only thing i use it is to get heart rate from my amazefit from xiomi to googke fit, and that works
The Must have companion app when you get an Amazfit Bip.
this so does what it says it will but it's for advanced users. don't expect to simply install this app and it just starts working there way you think it will in your mind. if you follow the directions provided by the developer you shouldn't have any trouble getting notifications and making advanced settings. i like this app, it works just as described, but you've got to be able to follow the developers provided directions to adjust the settings as you like.
I got this for controlling music/audiobooks with the side button and for that it works perfectly e.g. 2 presses triggers play&pause, 3 presses triggers rewind.  My one other feature request would be that emojis in text message notifications (which currently the watch cant handle at all) are converted (where possible) to regular characters e.g. 😭 would convert to :'(   Thanks
It's awesome. But I didn't found the new button action of Voice Assistance. I have updated my app and it doesn't appear, why?
Everything works perfectly
I literally downloaded this app for one reason and one reason only: so I could use my watch's button for music playback controls. This app can't even do that. Every time I press play, the music starts then immediately stops again. Nice.
simple but genius
App does not handle inbound VOIP calls, google duo for example. I do not get notified of Google Duo, or hangouts, or whatsapp calls until the call is missed and i get the missed call notification. Other apps such as Tools & Amazfit have VOIP options.
Works as advertised....
Very inconsistent notifications. There are better apps out there and from better developers
it doesn't have camera control feature .we can't control camera shutter by double press of amazefit hardware key button. waste . developers also don't reply to mail!
this app was working great on my redmi note 5. however my phone got broken so i decided to updgrade to redmi note 7. the problem is the license. i tried rebooting my phone. tried uninstall and install again. but it still didnt work. pls help
this app saved my life. well it lets me see full notifications for my incoming app notifications for amaFit Bip. it was a dealbreaker for me and i nearly took the watch back. oh, and it lets me skip tracks with the button on the watch not exactly necessary but awesome! thanks guys!
Fu-ing great! Works as expected,absolutely worth the money. I tried almost every feature and it went smooth.
does not connect with my amazfit pace.
it's bad, i thought heartrate data can be sent to Google for using this app. but not working. 1.Open Amazfit Tools. 2. Select Heart Rate - Settings. 3. Scroll down and click on Google Fit. 4. Select your Google Fit account. 5. Confirm your connection by clicking on Allow. the secont step is not at all there in app.
+ helpful support
I'm really not sure what I paid for. This app leaves a lot to be desired. 1. The app states heart rates are not stored on the watch, yet with the Amazfit Bip the Mi Fit app will populate missing heart rates when synced after being disconnected all night. This app will not. 2. This app has no ability to customize the watch menu options or watch faces. It seems like this apps best features are the minimal ability to track naps, and set custom notifications, and tasker integration.
Giving this app a 2nd chance and rating in credit. Trying to solve MS Outlook notification issues not showing content. Contacted the support again. If they at least try to help me, I'll give 5 stars. UPDATE: sadly, no support at all. Developer is unhelpful and arogant. An that's for a paid app. DON'T BUY it, honestly. UPDATE: A LIE! I sent multiple e-mails and got only standard replies! How arogant you need to be not only to ignore questions, but also LYING!
Call notifications are not working anymore. Can you help please?
Good Assistant for application notifications.
App keeps turning off my bluetooth for no reason. Not user friendly and is very plain for the price you're paying.
I have a Samsung S8.I love the Amazfit & tools app and would give it a good rating but it did not help on the one thing that was wrong. Will not give notification of incoming calls. After call is missed i get a missed call notification. Will return watch and get refund of app if this is not resolved.
useless app, don't buy it.
Must-have app if you have Amazfit BIP!Highly customisable and programmable as per your need.
Great for customised notifications. I was using the tools and mi band app with my mi band 2 and amazfit arc. I bought this app for my new amazfit cor. It seems exactly the same as the other app. I even imported the older settings. Not a bad thing, as it is great for notifications, just thought it may have more. Watch faces maybe... Will this, or another app support the verge or stratos?
I cant get the app to pair with my stratos, its already paired with the mii fit app, help or i will nedd my money back
such a very limited and disappointing app. I have a Cor 2 and this app does not support button control at all. I asked for a refund. Such a waste of time and money.
Great tool- though not sure how to receive caller contact names & full contents of notifications.  What am I doing wrong?
The alarm!!! I would give this app 5 stars but the alarm feature does not work properly for me (moto z2) it does not label the alarm or sets the correct icon. please fix !
solve my problem with pie , no cid on bip. Now its ok.
Este foarte folositoare. Recomand.
it was perfect. Now sms notification doesn't work. iv'e tried knowledge base suggestions to no affect. Mi-Fit app has no problems with sms notification. please fix.
i have got this to make the alarm longer which works well. The problem is that the alarm time is not sent to the bip so you have to be near your phone. it would be good to see when the alarm is set for on the watch.
I am unable to connect to Amazfit Stratos via Bluetooth. Looks like this app is not meant for this model.
nice addition to the original mi fit app. are we gonna get support for Cor 2(NFC version)? thinking of getting one
1 star until reconnect issue solved. Do I really have to turn on and then back off the airplane mode manually every single time a disconnect occurs? Really? UPDATE: The reconnect issue seems to be solved, thank you.
Alert prevents use of the app when using gadgetbridge. My watch works, as do the previously programmed button presses, but the app now complains that mi fit doesn't have notification access. Please make this alert something that the user can clear without mi fit being installed or refund me. It can work without mi fit, so the developer should allow it to do so.
Thnx now i can pickup call from my amazfit bip but need reply system too in whatsapp notifications or msg notifications
working ok type....
It was working but now it doesn't.. it stucka at asking notification access even i have gave it..
doesn't work with amazfit stratos
Great so far. Wish the timer feature was more extended to include Interval training, or a tabata timer.
call hang up not working on google pixel xl with android P.
Should have the option "disable while screen on" for calls. In general it is a great app, it doesn't have some features that others apps offer but it does very well what it proposes, the notifications. Keep the good work.
Requires mifit app.
Great app, but zero response from support after multiple attempts. Still zero response.
excellent app for managing amazfit bip notifications
useless
The app is great but there's 2 annoying missing features, 1. caps is always locked on notifications. 2. missing RTL languages...
only using it for the button shortcuts app seems fine
Doesn't work without mi fit. If you need an app to use with sleep as android use the second suggested app.
No clear instructions and bad integration with whatsapp.
not happy. app doesn't do much more than mifit, plus it causes problems, i believe by interfering with other apps.. I want to be reimbursed fir this app!
It's an alright app, but it'd be incredibly helpful to have an option to push notifications without the watch vibrating.
way more practival than the official mi app. ifttt support would make it perfect
É um app essencial para amazfit bip. Só falta na minha opinião a possibilidade de tirar foto no smartphone acionando o botão, de forma similar ao play/pause nas músicas. Se essa funcionalidade dor implementada sem dúvidas que pagaria até mais caro pelo app e daria 5 estrelas.
i would have given it 5 stars if it worked without the requirement of mi fit app.
I have a question. I use Email from Edison as my email program on my Samsung Note 8.  When I get a notification on my Bip, it just states the sender and the subject of the email.  What do I do to list at least some of the email content?
good
for the most part this app works well esp likes the sleep as android integrations. However some options definitely not working as expect on amazfit bip (vibration delays, answer call buttons in contact etc). Would be great if developer can fix all these issues.
I'd like to export my activities to Strava. Is it possible or I have to use another app to do this? For me its very important.
Great app! One request though.. Could you please add some pre-installed vibrations patterns (e. g. Heartbeat)? Thank you
Works great for me, wish the persistent notification didn't have the giant green icon, it would look more subtle without one :)
Hi, please add a widget to switch Button profiles. It would be great.
Great app. Does what it's supposed to a good majority of the time. Plus Tasker and Automate integration is killer 👌
Definitely a must-have
the secret to getting this app to work consistently without losing the connection, and therefore also the notifications, is to turn on this app's watch icon in the statusbar -- and then this app should consistently continue to work in background. just go into the android settings app and set notifications for this app to turn on display-in-statusbar. if you have android8, you may have to turn on this display-in-statusbar setting for the multiple notification settings for this app. really wish this app was somehow able to handle the current weather temperature -- but unfortunately have to annoyingly always have the official MiFit app running with location turned on for that. the FAQ for this app also mentions you can do some sort of multi-icon swapping for providing different icons for notifications appearing on the watch?? but how do you do that multi-icon swapping??? cannot figure out where to do that in this app.
Great support and highly functional app! Highly recommend
I would like to suggest the ability to control the vibration intensity and count in "Vibration and Text" option. I just think the default 2 count vibration as well as intensity is too much and it drains battery. Thanks
App doesn't currently support the Amazfit Stratos. Don't bother asking the devs about it, either. They won't reply to you via any of their listed contact avenues for weeks, then eventually refer to you as a "less smart user." Seriously.
Notifications comes and goes randomly
Amazfit Bip just got more amazing with this app. Really like the button actions, Gmail content in notifications, working WhatsApp notifications etc...
Good application! Thanks!
Amazing app, has some very unique features and useful additions to my Amazfit Bip, although it lacks left to right text support to the Bip as far ad I can tell and I had to install another app for my Bip to support it.
I wish you add new button for control timer count down on amazfit for pomodoro
Just brilliant. Of course there's room for improvements and new features, but does brilliant work as it is now.
Not able to connect to my watch. (Tried restart of phone. Also checked MI app for bluetooth mac address it was not showing  anything except unpair option)  There is no way i can use this app and i already paid for this.  It will be great if you have given option to try the app for a day/ first try to connect to the watch and then charge users.
Plz give call hangs with massage options like i am busy/I am in duty
Nice apps. Allow continuous heart rate tracker with Google Fit integration. Sleep for Android integration is a huge plus too. Dev, possible to allow emoji support? Pls?
One thing that would make this app better is if they could control weather pushes to devices. Right now my watch gets a weather push every 3 hours, would be nice to customize this setting.
I too will update IF I ever get a reply from support. Sent an email more than a week ago, and no reply. I read a review somewhere that you can set font size for notifications with this app. Has anyone found a way to do that?
Works quite well. e-mails recived by gmail client are shown very often with wrong sender
I would really appreciate if there was a way to diconnect ongoing calls from watch like that of answering incoming call from amazfit bip
I liked my amazfit, but it become the best in the category with the extra features. It would be good, if the app would be available on ios too
I was hoping to use this mainly to sync my heart rate to Google Fit, but while the Mi Fit app spotlessly tracks it, this app only syncs very intermittently - no matter the settings
It works great on my Amazfit Bip. Notifications work seamlessly and I really love all the customizations you can do with the sensors using the app. Great value purchase!
I am getting duplicate notifications. Running on Pixel 2XL with Android pie
best 240 rupees spent. I can answer call as well as control music. solves all my problem. on Mi A1 8.1 Oreo
No support
Significantly improves the usefulness of an Amazfit Bit (moreso than just using the Mi Fit App)
Make button to take a photo when we launch camera app. It will be great if there is step, weight, sleep dashboard as well
Bought the full version which in its changelog promised to switch the Chinese interface into English, which I had trouble getting through ordinary means. Didn't do a thing.
I should of listened to the other people in reviews trying to get support. I got the app for my Amazfit Cor mainly for the music control capability. That option is totally missing in the apps GUI. Going on 3 days now and no answer from support on why its not there. I will update this if they decide to reach out to me finally with the results. so far one star. Google refuses to refund even though they are falsely advertising this working on the Cor AVOID CAN'T BE TRUSTED!!!!!!!!!
Everything is going well. But I have one question, how do you change the language for Amazfit Bip from Chinese to English? And I already shoot an email to your email address to rectify this matter. Thank you for your kind supports.
So much money for nothing, always show me the last same notification, not the notification that really arrived. How do i to fix this???
Using with Bip. Would like to deactivate during weekdays and have running during weekends... How can I turn it off, Without uninstall?
Required app to get the most out of your Amazfit.
Whatsapp notifications are delivered multiple times (the same one). After the notification "A" was delivered to the watch (and not read/deleted on the phone) and a second WhatsApp message comes in, the watch does not get a notification on the new message content, but the one delivered before. It wasn't happening, and started a couple days ago. Anybody knows how to fix that??
All function perfect work for me.
Why there's no sensor control or button controls for Amazfit Cor ? I didn't find any such option... Kindly let me know the solution...
Great app. Keep up the good work. Easy to use.
Notifications don't work properly. Only the first email notification comes through. Also unable to change this message template properly for emails. Very disappointing.
After installing this app mi fit never sleep and draining my battery very fast
The ONE advantage this has over the Notify app is that the buttons actually work to control media. Every other operation I use requires a lot of work that the app should do with a few clicks.
hye..i just buy this apps but its doesn't work at my samsung note 3?is that really can work at android?
Doesn't work with Amazfit Pace
It doesn't work with my Amazfit Pace. I tested in two phones, a Galaxy s7 and a Moto z2 play. Both rendered the same error. Notifications do not work. Nothing works because it doesn't pair. I sent an email to support and got no answer. So yeah. Dead end. Not recommended.
This sensor control framework is badass futuristic mind blowing dream! Surprisingly the only other thing I want and is missing from the app is the ability to toggle phone flashlight with button press on my Bip
Excellent application. Fully changed my experience with Bip. Any chance of adding support for Amazfit Stratos?
Makes amazfit bip worth it !!
Any chance you will support Amazfit Stratos in the future? Bought this one to realize neither Pace nor Stratos are supported.
Product has potential, niggling problems for my Amazfit Bip. Customer Service poor, even after going through the paranoid steps to avoid giving support to hackers, was laughable. Poorly worded initial response made no sense and my second email has been ignored. IMO use the product as is but don't expect any meaningful support!
Does not work to get caller ID on Android P
I've been a long time user of the mi band and tools app. This app suffers 
from the same issues as the last app. Multiple notifications (especially 
WhatsApp) aren't handled properly and it's extremely frustrating. Along 
with other issues, notifications are displayed as duplicates!! You'll get 1 
message in group A, you'll get notification A. Then you'll get notification 
for group B, but this time notification A will be displayed again only! 
Disappointing for an app that cost £3. Edit 1: to reply to developer reply: 
Thank you for the suggestion, I will contact support. I didn't "downrate", 
you shouldn't automatically expect 5 stars for your app, it only deserves 
three from me, so I rated it justly. Edit 2: email support was extremely 
unhelpful.
Notifications with whatsapp got stuck.. I had to manually reset the app 
multiple times. This happened with my amazfit bip
I got Tools to improve my Amazfit Bip sleep tracking. The alarms are great 
but I can't get the sleep tracking to reflect the tracking info my Jawbone 
UP gives me (when worn on the same wrist at the same time.) Also it doesn't 
register when I get up during the night like my UP does.
This app would be perfect if can sync my activitys.
I think I gave this a four star review at first, but I'm back to give a 
5-star review. The inclusion and exclusion filters and the flexibility 
around setting and disabling do not disturb on a per-app basis is 
absolutely amazing and has helped me get more and more value out of my 
watch. Thanks to the developer for all that he does in what is a mostly 
thankless job.
Brilliant app, works perfectly and brings so much more functionality to the 
device, I only wish there was better documention provided at setup to guide 
the user on how to configure the app.
There is no button control option for my amazfit cor band within the app. I 
don't call that being fully supported. You're knowledge base says Fully 
Supported. You are misleading people. That's just untrue. I did email 
everything you asked for and you just referred me back to FAQ. I can't 
misconfigure a button that doesn't even exist.
Paid for this app. Perfect companion for amazfit BIP. Glad if can added 
support for stratos also for further development.
App works perfectly! Perfect Amazfit Bip companion. Experienced one problem 
weeks ago when my customized buttons and notifications did not work; read 
on their website and the guide did help me restore them back by making 
adjustments with the Play Store app. I suggest emailing them for solutions 
before rating it with one star. Definitely worth 5 stars! Keep up the good 
work and continuing support.
Bought the app, read the knowledge base, followed the instructions for the 
app notifications which worked for a day and then stopped, checked KB 
again, checked my Google Play version (not 10.7 or 10.8), sent an email for 
help as requested here, and then finally received an email saying: thanks 
for your email but we get many emails so just sending this is not enough - 
you now also have to send proof that you bought it and you need to go 
through the KB, otherwise we will just ignore this. All in all I'm going to 
suggest that your customer support leaves a lot to be desired. You are 
anything but helpful. The app may or may not be really good, but if you 
have so many people (I've read the reviews) who have problems, you cannot 
just keep blaming Google for it. If this were a free app I could 
understand, but it's a paying app and you need to do better.
Using it for Spotify control on my Bip and it works well. One option that 
is missing is app notification with text only / no vibration. I like having 
the track info on the watch but don't need it to vibrate every time the 
song changes, because I have ears and can hear the song change :P Also 
could use more app icons, nothing right now is good for music
I am using this for quite sometime, and absolutely loved it. It actually 
fills all the gaps. I really appreciate the hard work. Just missing one 
small this, could you please include schedule for continuous hart rate 
monitor, as I prefer not to wear watch during sleep and this heart rate 
monitoring light is very disturbing during night. Sometimes had to disable 
it, but the problem is most of the time I forgot to enable it in the 
morning. I guess some one else also having this issue and looking for a fix 
like I do.
Opens up a much wider range of options for Amazfit Bip notifications, 
making it more of a smart watch.
hi, great stuff, thanks!! one thing: seems that Skype notifications are not 
forwarded at least for me
Perfect app. Thanks!
The latest update 4.2.3 solve issues not showing notification n vibration, 
great job.. Keep up the good work
Quick update with enhanced features, one of the,best developer, keep up the 
good work .
Great app, all messages received on my Amazift, answerings calls... Huge 
control over my phone through my wristband
I was originally irritate by the developers response to the licensing bug. 
We're all human, and I missed an important part of the instructions. You 
need to authorize from within the app potentially within seconds of 
uninstalling the latest play store version. Once that was pointed out and I 
tried it I was able to get my notification back. Thank you for pointing out 
the error of my ways, and I hope others read and follow the instructions!
It would be great if we can run the app without requiring mi fit to be 
installed. I don't mean that we should duplicate mi fit functions but can 
you make the authentication work without mi fit?
Says invalid license a few days after installing it and working without issue. No Lucky Patcher nor anything. It just says f-u I won't work because reasons. Funny thing is, frustrated I installed Lucky Patcher and can remove the verification succesfully. So basically pirates will pirate, and paying users get screwed. Smart. Will change this review once it gets fixed.
It's a must have app for Amaze fit Bip users, definitely better than MiFi, 
the only concern is ,it would be perfect if this app has fitness tracking 
as well.
The app is quite useful. However, it would be great to get incoming call 
notification for WhatsApp and also be able to read all Latin characters 
such as the word "você", as suggested by another user.
Mistake to pay for app. Regret. Tried days to connect Amazfit stratos. App 
suggests Macaddress. But "not valid" when I input. Also cannot submit 
Bluetooth Adress, none available. Yet Amazfit app works well and I am 
connected!
Awesome app. I've using the one for Miband and switched to this one after 
getting the bip. Don't quite get the 1* reviews. App works as advertised 
and more! The only thing I miss (I hope it gets implemented) is watchfaces 
support. Keep up the great work!
How can I disable notification "new message received, please view it on the 
phone"?! I guess watch shows it when phone shows info about the weather, 
updated apps or stuff like that, which I don't care and didn't enable in 
Amazfit Tools to be shown on the watch. It's just a pointless and 
distracting notification!
Amazingly good app. Adds badly needed functions to my Amazfit Bip. Two 
things would make it incredibly perfect: somehow adding custom replies to 
texts (I'm sure this is impossible because of the FW but thought I'd try! 
And a way of making notification text bigger.
A great app to extend the functionality of the Amazfit Bip.  Would love to have some way to quick reply to SMS.
Essential for using with Amazfit Bip. Props for being a very 
straightforward and functional application.
Connection fail
I emailed you but no one responded. Could you please help? The main reason 
I bought it was to disable the vibration for incoming text messages (SMS 
and Whatsapp). So I just want the visual notification, displaying the title 
and content. (Amazfit bip) I tried to set it up by going to "Vibration 
mode" and "Custom Vibration" and setting up the "vibration count" to 0. But 
with this setting I wasn't getting the notifications at all at my watch.
I know this app is great, but I am currently using my Bip with Gadgetbridge 
instead of Mi Fit and this app does not work because it thinks Mi Fit is 
required and needs to be installed in order for it to work, which I think 
might not be the case given Gadgetbridge can pair with the bracelet and 
send notifications to it.
Better than mi app. Is there any plan's for full Bluetooth music control as 
this is what I miss. One button press is better than nothing ;)
Hi, this is good. Feature request: battery status monitor. Will be good if 
we can see a graph of how battery goes throughout the days.
It isn't working very well with Whatsapp notification. It shows the first 
message, the following ones notifications shows the first again
Its a great App and a 'must have ' if you have a Bip. It would be great 
though if you could leave the notification on the screen like the Pebble 
used to. Also bigger fonts for notifications...those are miniscule!
The app works great for the most part, except for the displaying of 
characters with accents. Even when I force the app to read characters with 
accents in the app settings, it still shows up as a box with a question 
mark in it whenever I receive a text message on my app. My language has a 
lot of accents, but the original Mi app does not show them on the watch. I 
bought this app mainly for that feature, but it seems like it's not 
working. Now the downer part and why I only gave it 3 stars was the 
non-existent customer service. I emailed their tech support...twice...about 
this issue and another question I had, and they never responded me. I just 
want this issie addressed. Will update my review if they ever get back to 
me and fix the issue.
No support for incoming calls from whatsapp, line, messenger, wechat etc
My HRX band is not connecting with this app Please refund me to buy Mi tool 
app..
Great app one thing I would like to suggest adding the option for the 
button on the blip for a long press to clear notifications
Actually works and sends messages from messaging apps
Works great for my bip thanks!
Please devs, export activities to strava, the original app doesn't do that 
and the third party apps are bad in ui
Is there a way to disable future repeat notifications on the Cor? "Repeat 
until read" means that it will keep going until it is opened on the phone?
The Amazfit Bip's official software is atrocious and bugridden as all hell.  This app, which replaces that, makes the Bip not just usable, but my favorite wearable to date!  Excellent work.
The main reason i bought it was to read latin scripts. The app works on 
single mode, such as "Ê". But when you use in a word, such as "você", the 
blank box appears. Hope you could fix it as soon as possible.
Som spokojným zakaznikom, mal som aj Mi Band tools a hned jak som si kúpil 
Amazfit Bip (lite) tak som ani sekundu nepremyslal a kúpil som si tuto 
appku. Dakujem.
Not getting connected to Amazfit Stratos
Have an amazefit bip. I would say this app is essential if you heavily rely upon the non fitness aspects of the watch. Specifying times to receive notifications is worth the price alone. Plus the ability to change icons for notifications is nice. The only issue I found is that notifications were sometime duplicated, although that may have been for an older version.
Good app, button support is awesome! Please add weather support to pick provider and sync times..Up to 30min preferably... Thank you!
Hi, think the app is great but have a slight problem. Whenever I launch Spotify by buttons, even if I set notifications to no vibrations it still shows as a notification with vibration. Is there a way around this? Thanks.
Is the perfect complement for the official app socially for notifications . Thanks for developing this and don't let other bad reviews put you done. You are doing an amazing job.
Would be great, but there are a couple of hiccups. Firstly the when I assign the 'toggle heart rate' option to a button press, it only seems to be able to enable it, never toggles to a disabled setting. Secondly, my watch bricked this morning after an update through MiFit - this may well be down to the MiFit app, but I never had any issues untill I installed this.
If you have Amazfit, you MUST have this app, worth every penny. Great job guys!
Amazing app! Was very dissatisfied with the original MiFit app due to the redundancy of the notifications and the lack of useful features... With Tools & Amazfit you can do pretty much anything. Just a thing: why can you choose between text notification and custom vibration and not have both of them? Small issue also with notification showing the name of the contact and the content on the same line; other than that, this app is super.
NO personal support. No replies to emails. Website doesn't answer my question, and nor do the developers
This is absolutely worth every cent for whoever wants a simple, super easy way to enhance the amazfit's functionality. Thank you for the great work and for keeping it simple.
The best app to use with an amazfit bip. Worth every cent!
Works well. It would be nice to support syncing to Strava.
Im so happy after i bought this app. Trully change my experience on my amazfit watch. My notificiations getting better than before, and also i can control my music tracks. It will be amazing if you have feature for changing the watchface. Maybe you can also improve heart monitoring dashboard for more eye catching view. Overall, i love this app.  Keep up the good work guys.👍👍
Love being about to specify notification alerts and integrating with Sleep as Android. Really helped soften the blow of my Pebble going extinct.
While this app does add some functionality over the Mi Fit app, it does leave something to be desired... Like changing the watch face and updating the weather.
Perfect app for my amazfit arc, which let me configure all alerts as I want, as well as add filters on it. @devs just a little advice: let us do that combo for battery savings.  1. Vibrate with icon *new* and set vibration times, not always 2 *new*.  2. Wait. 3. Show text *new* without vibration *new*  With this combo, we can be noticed with just 1 vibration, not 2 (showing icon) plus another one (showing text). Tested a day with only custom vibration set at 1, and my band battery live increased a lot.  We can actually configure vibration times in 'custom vibration' option, but not in 'vibration and text' one.  We can not only send text without vibration (idk if it's possible).  Btw, still an awesome app for our amazfit bands. 4/5 stars just for the battery saving.
Probably wouldn't buy amazfit if I didn't know there is already tools & amazfit. Been using its for mi band 2 before. I agree with others that UI is just incredibly ugly unless you think that Ms Dos or Win95 where the best it can get with UI. At the same time all stuff works also it is the only app that let you use sleep as Android which is huge +++. On top of that it is frequently updated and support promptly responds to emails whenever you encounter some issues. Also it is basically bug free and even if there are some bugs they are fixed within 2-3 days if not faster.
Bought your app. Help needed: As Amazfit BIP doesn't have a button to clear watch notifications. I have to scroll down through all notifications one by one on the watch (after viewing all those notifications on my phone of course)  Hence I need my watch button double press to clear notifications on my watch. Or any other workaround for this please?  Emailed at info too...
It's a big plus to the base app. At the beginning I wasn't gonna buy the watch because it didn't had music controls, but this app gave me the option, nice work. Worth the money, one question, do, as this app also get you sleep as Android integration,  should I keep the alarms on that app or should I get it on both? Also can be used without "mi fit"? Thanks : D
I hope there is an additional visual menu instead of physical buttons, because the physical buttons are less effective
The app mostly works but it's inferior compared to similar apps regarding UI and features. When you have a lot of applications added for notifications editing them becomes very slow. Also, there is no option to load custom watchfaces or firmware like in other apps. Tools&MiBand was quite good app and I hoped this one follows it's path. Also I really dislike the fact that I had to purchase different app that does exactly the same thing while for example "Mi Bandage" is working with both Band2 and Bip. The only reason I got this app is integration with "sleep as android".
This app works great with my Amazfit Bip. The notification settings are great.   I wish there will be a setting to activate text2speech only if the headset is connected (headset could trigger a profile?). Then it would also be possible to output messages to your earpiece to inform you about certain events on your watch.  Keep on the great work. Every penny was well spent on this app.
I buy this app. But new update my watch always try to connect
I cant believe all the reasons for the 1* reviews on here. Please dont be discouraged from it, we need more hard working and talented people like u to make many things possible. This app deserves a 5* rating for what it can do for ur device.
Amazing app. I have a amazfit bip and it now works perfect for my needs. Media control works fine and also notifications.
The app is amazing, it works great with the mifit app! Unfortunately the notifications frequently stops working, making me reinstall it every time this occurs.
Thanks a lot for your app. Amazing! Keep up good work!
Hope in next updated will support pace
Works well for customizing alerts.  Wish it could do more: 1) customize duration of alert display; 2) customize font size of alert text; 3) import custom watch faces.
This app is excellent. Even better than tools & band with the virtual buttons. I would like to give a suggestion of coming up of way to really create visual virtual menu on amazfit bip. That would be amazing. Highly recommended app.
Não pareia com miband 2
GREAT Apps!! Using on Amazfit bip. For the next update, I hope this apps can be auto reply text/WA using haptic 😀😀
I have been using this app since mi band 2, and this application work very well, this app still the best
I have used tools and mi band and completely satisfied with that. Now this application, Every seem to perfect except one thing that this application is not running in the background...Once you clear using any app, this app is also closed.. Plz solve this problem... All the best
Easy to use and excellent app for Amazfit, thanks!
Nice
Why there so few options comparing to "Tools & mi band" ?
I was so waiting for this, ever since I got my Amazfit Bip. I have no idea how I manged to cope this entire week without it.. 😀 but seriously - been using the Mi band to app from the day it was published with my Mi bands (1s, 2) and loved it. There is no other app that gives this much options to use your smartband/smartwatch.
Thank you! I was waiting anxiously for this app! I've used the mi band version for a long time, and since I upgraded to the amazfit I was missing the functionalities of the app
Great app, lot of options. Must have with your Amazfit
This gives my Amazfit a lot of new features and options. I like the button sensor control!
This takes Amazfit to a whole new level. Highly recommended for everyone who wants to get the most out of their Amazfit smartwatch!
rubbish
come get this app if you want to spent $150 a year to use this thing what a wast of money
complete scam
This apps is TOTALLY SCAM... i just download it and it say free trial for 3 days.. And yet why did they deduct rm399.99 from my account. This was a total disaster. That money can use to refill my vehicle for 3 months. Shame on you. I want my money back
it tryd to make me pay for a QR scanner like I would use it evry day noone need that waist of space
App tried to scam me into paying. Then ads would not let the app function. Garbage.
I uninstall this app about three minutes after I installed it so I no longer have it on my phone and I haven't had it on there for a long time and yet you still trying to charge me over $100 for a subscription that I don't have and don't want. and it won't let me unsubscribe for whatever reason but this is a total scam and I'm very very upset for you still trying to charge my account $101. stop trying to charge my account for something I don't have
Good
my partner and i have had the same problem as everyone else here, it took out 149.99 i want my refund that everyone else is having an issue with this is a bloody joke keep trying to take out money until you can get to it. Not on now my family have to miss out on things because my account is in the red!! Really mad!
st
very good
bad
it cost $90 a year
I think it is a new way of scamming people. There is no way to cancel free trial and the website do not reply your messages
Great
like it
good
nice i like to use it & it was too helpful for me
its nice to use
*WARNING DO NOT DOWNLOAD* Check the reviews. this app is a complete scam. They will charge your credit card 95 dollars after signing up for the "free trial" even if it is cancelled. THIS APP SHOULD NOT BE ON PLAY STORE
nice
BE WARN. HIDDEN SUBSCRIPTION FEE. DEVELOPERS WILL NOT ENTERTAIN YOUR REQUEST FOR REFUND. CONTACT GOOGLE PLAY AND REPORT.
very use ful
Charge SGD130 for QR Scanner. This application is just ripping off.
nice apps
terbaik
great app
very nice appp i like it
$100 a year lol
muito Ruim
I installed and uninstalled in an hour but my money has been taken please refund
scam app, will charge you £100s for no reason!
This app this very money minded. It. can't use by the students for education purpose 👎
well done..
Good one
good
Spam app It costs f**cking 100 dollars
good
okay
good great gentlement
terbaik
problem
i ready sent email to developer. but not get feedback. about refund money. plz refund my money. i already col google at 13.6.19.. but not have solution. this 3 step i did to review. Rm 389.99 a lot money for me. im so sad. plz apply this masej. tq
How to cancel the trial
it works great
it is nice
Wow.. Impressive
Was deducted the full amount during trial. How do i cancel this and get a refund?
i ended my trial the day i started it and i just got charged today. i don't know how well the app works, i don't even care if it works good. there's no way it's worth 95$ google play or developer, you better give me my refund or I'm switching to apple
subscription to scan qr codes?
Scammed me too
I installed this app but when it said it was going to charge me 94.99 I uninstalled think it wouldn't take my money out I didn't know I had to cancel it I am not happy about this I a. A single mom now I cant pay my water bill now I it going to get cut off all because i installed something and i really didn't realize it would take it off my card thanks lesson learned
there aint no way in hell am i paying just to scan a code dumbasses
I downloaded it because it was free, but for my surprise they charged 360 reais of my credit card without authorization. I sent a email for the developers but unfortunately I didn't receive any answer. I would like my money back and they cancel my subscription.
Shady app. It includes intrusive ads and they charge you close to $100 a year to remove them. What a joke. on top of that it looks like even if you cancel trial they still charge you and then tell you to get help from Google, they don't have the decency to issue refund themselves. Shady and unscrupulous.
It clearly says $99 and change after a 3 day period, scammy but people should have done their due diligence. What do you expect from an app that was made in by a Chinese developer? Tawian is #1
Good
Good apps
this app took from me $129.90 this app is a scam I am very disappointed how can this app still be around in Google play I want my refund back
tem que pagar ?????????? sacanagem
uninstalled right away. ridiculous fee...
excellent
cancelled within trial period but had been charged the annual fee. will like a refund!
nice n easy
awesome
sucks it's not even free
nice
ok
cool
koo koo
Absolutely disgusted. This appears to be a free app but my credit card was charged over 99€ with no warning.
dislike
JUST DONT LIKE IT🙄🙄🙄
scam
good & very berry good brother hood
great app
Not usable unless you sign up for a trial that auto renews to charge you $100. Avoid this pos developer
you need to subscribe. And to make the trial you need to put payment information.
i sent 2 emails during the trial period to cancel and never got a response. today they charged my card. not happy. don't waste your time with this app
very good
Helpful app
good service
how to cancel & refund my money? i just want to try this app…
i cancelled it before the trial period ends but still charge me... refund me my money
have to subscribe after free trial, had uninstall...
who the hell is paying 125 a year. lmao
actully works
Do not download this app. its a scam. I download the free trial version and once its expired, it auto subcribed and purchase the subscription without my permission or notify me. according  to the review and feedback, many users already fall victim to this app. I reporting this. GOOGLE PLAY PLEASE TAKE ACTIONS ON THIS APPS AND REMOVE THIS AT ONCE.
100 dollars a year for an app that u would rarely use what the **** are they thinking
scam
i only download & tried on that day on 30th may. I've stopped using after that. i thought i had deleted the app, until i was billed $129+!!!. i was shocked when i saw the bill! i wasn't ecen aware that i will ve charged for the app. you can check from my records that the app hasn't been opened since 30th May, as i had no use for this. i would appreciate if you can refund the bill to me. i really have no use for this app & i had to pay $129+ for something I'm not using. kindly assist
best 😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃
Good
it works!
realy god app
wont work unless you sign up for a $100 dollar subscription
excellent
$146 after 3 days
nice
amazing
u have to pay lol
predatory app, DO NOT USE
it's very fast. lots of ads though. although it's free
WASTE OF TIME DONT DOWNLOAD
bad
worst apps i ever installed.couldnt get why it is still going to charge people when we want to unsubscribe it.simply taking people money.too much expensive and not rational at all.
excellent
good app
i font jn
why is there a payment for something i would only use once? Complete shtako!!!
Rrrr
it sucks
very bad..i request to tefund money by hidden subscrib opption ,i tried to contact the developper but no repons my e mail. when install this app. after one month i surprised my account is debited with AED 369
Asked for nearly £100 before i could use the free trial
gave me a virus
not bad
good apps
how are you really gonna make me pay $100 for this after I've already installed it, wow I didnt even accept the subscription and it applies to to me anyways, how do I get rid of the subscription I'm not paying $100 for something I needed to use only once are you kidding me
I used this app to scan something for a 2 step authentication system for rockstar games thanks to the creators of this app
osm
it also need progress 👍and that will be best
I downloaded this app because it was written free for 7 days. I have deleted the app same day I downloaded it. But they have charged 364 dhs for the entire Yr. Please refund it.
says it was scanned and doesn't tell me the result, whats the point then?
it popped up a screen that said 3 days were free and after that it would charge me 98.00 to use! I didn't ok anything and removed it fast. I'm really hoping it doesn't charge me anything!
love this app..friendly user 😍😍😍
omg I almost accidentally payed $100+ FOR A QR SCANNER abdolutley NOT
do not need it does not work!
I wants stop this apps, but still use my money? can you stop it?
Just a 3 day trial but have to sign up to subscription with payment method.
App offers a trial, but in super fine print tells you that they will charge you an asinine amount of money after 3 days. Easily missed by someone looking for a simple QR Scanner and clicking through to check a price. Very predatory. Google needs to require large print for such things.
this is a scam
not good they stole money from me and make it in my phone bill they take money and i ddint know fake programe i need my money
very good
This app is stupid because you have to pay to scan a qr!?
caraca. eh pago
Rediculous wants $98.99 a year 🤔🤔🤔
get bc ack
can not connect my hero band ll with my bluetooth android what can i do. the tracker doesn't seem charged.
My son downloaded this app tried it used once for some game and it never worked so they cancelled their subscription and 3 days later it charged my card thats on file $94.
jesus christ guys 135 dollars for a year after the 3 day free trial? you can f right off my guy, scam artists.
don't download if you're only wanting the free trial. The company is a scam! they will charge you even after you delete it and nobody will respond to your emails. I've sent several over the past week and a half. so I'm out 94.99 for something I cant even use.
fabulous
WONDERFULL...
i cancelled my subscription as soon as i downloaded the app and yet still took £89 from my account. i have contacted them for a refund and as of yet not heard anything. seems like its a scam
Excellent.
I seen a sub for like $100. I did not subscribe and deleted app, if I get charged like these other customers you will hear from my lawyers
absolute scam. do not download
Very bad program, very expensive fees ..... There are free programs to perform better .... I do not recommend it at all .... I want to refund the money that was deducted to subscribe
how make cancel this app and unsubscribe me tell me how i make unsubscribe this app i dont want to use more this app,............
Trys to charge you a ridiculous amount for a QR code reader
Google play store listing does not mention this is a 3 day free trial. App is otherwise the most expensive app I've seen, aside from the series of "most expensive app ever" apps lol.
Garbage, 100 bucks a year or you can't use it
shakilkhan 03/05/2019 I cancelled my trial. The next day they charged my card the 369dhs the app didnt even work right, the item I scanned brought up the match. I purchased and when the item came in they were different.not the same product like it was supposed to be. I've contacted the company with no response.
they try to shove a $100/year subscription in your face before you even try to use the app
as soon as I open wants me to pay to use. nope
good
Got charged on the spot. No free trial at all. Scam!!!
How to cancel the subscription?
ñot is free
good !!
useful apps..!very nice
cool and perfect and easy
scam
i love this app but one thing that dissapointed me was when i scanned the qr code it wasn't the right thing because i scanned this code for my stray kids miroh album, the photocards was of changbin and jisung but it was actually voice cards of jeongin! (i love jeongin<3<3) it was two completey differenct qr codes but the exact some sound. i am not sure if its just the cards though ;'(
Scam! I deleted the trial but was charged me $129.99 for free trial!
ok je
WHAT THE HELL, $95.99 A YEAR? WHAT THE HELL PEOPLE. GOD YOURE STUPID AS HELL TO THINK ANYONE WOULD PAY THAT DAMN PRICE
Hot garbage.
i have tried to cancel my subscription even called and couldn't get it before they (google) took my money. i then called and was told to bad. shame in you Google. some people are just learning and on a fixed income. i am not happy. still need my money back
scam/bait
its a fake app. who charges $149 a year for a QR reader when theyre free elsewhere? devs should be ashamed.
nice
goo
Tawakkal Loundry House
Installed it, it didn't work and three days later I was charged £86.99! Reported to PayPal
good
94 dollars for something that should be free? get real
the best
$95 a year to scan a QR code? get a job money hungry scum.
very good , but it takes a while to scan. Overall ,the app is very useful! keep it up!!!! warmest regards,ariane( peggy's grandaughter!)😊
excellent app
it took my money straight away when I thought I was getting a free trial. how do I get my money back? I only used this app once and it didn't work. it's not an app I need. there are heaps of other free apps like this that I could've downloaded if only i took my time to check properly while I was stuck in the cold. extremely unhappy when I went to find the deficit in my account. refund please.
SCAM!!!
ok
Wow
didn't realize that this was not a free app so uninstalled it. Now just hoping not to be charged for anything. grrr
www
good
Simple
great
I'm
scam!! dun even wanna give 1 star
Excellent
very good
⚠⚠⚠3 DAYS OF FREE USE THEN GET CHARGED A MASSIVE AMOUNT FOR A SIMPLE APP, DOWNLOADERS BEWARE⚠⚠⚠
THIS A CON beware ! It says use the free trial but as soon as you click on this app you are lock into a subscription & they take £86.99 from your bank . Even when i canelled the trial within an hour of downloading it & delete the app i still got charged . My bank are hopefully getting my money back as its money i can not afford to lose
it's nice 😊👌👌
not good
so happy that I got this app
good app
Rubbish
good apps
you need to pay. bs
I downloaded this app as trial, and next thing happened without my authorization 119.83 $ went out of my pocket! What's wrong with you? This kind of methods give the app very bad reputation. You took money at once and now I have to wait several days to get it back. And am really pissed because you ruined my weekend with my kid, so already I made a complaint to Google because of this really cheap action!!!
Really nice app, easy to use and enjoy the functions it has.
Auto subscribe to a trial for 90GBP...
DONT DOWNLOAD!! My teacher hadme download and my mom got charged $85!! She cancelled and they charged her again 1 year later. we just cancelled again!
Amazing
I am use first time but very nice apps
nice
👍👍👍
fab app
95.00 a year? Sure hope you're joking.
the best app ever made
in the add I saw that it's a xray but it's an qr code reader
I was surprised to receive a charge on my credit card during the 1 month trial period! i have uninstalled and unsubscribed. It is a scam and i demand a full refund otherwise i will lodge a police report. There is no notification or email confirmation and the bank just processed the deduction. I have already requested for refund at google playstore.
I downloaded the trial and they took £86.99 from me within 2 days of downloading it. downloaded the 7th and payment taken the 9th. I emailed for a refund but they advised they will not give one
Scam, do not download. They threaten to charge a ludicrous amount of money after a short trial period.
i delete the app but i keep getting these ads like ever second. i know it's the app because when i look at all of my apps i recently played, it shows the qrcode app even though i deleted it. find another qr reader app because this one is bad for your device.
You want me to commit to 95 in 3 days aftee the free trial. Get stuffed
Fake
hAte
Mint ,,great stiff
5 star
Easy to use and easy to understood.
ok
always helpful
I did not subscribe on purpose and got billed for an entire year. Please give me a refund or ill have to go to the bank.
gull
stupid all u have to do to scan a stupid qr code, there are lots of apps out there free of hastle, the only reason why I downloaded it was cuz it was the first thing I saw
it is good app
giod
very bad and cost me a lot for nothing
scam
good
Excellent,Fantastic, Awesome 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍💜💜
this app is so hard up for money that i was automatically charged and SUCCESSFULLLY PAID before i knew it. i have to quickly cancel my subscription. Lousy experience here
not good
why cant i have one free scan. tf how am i supposed to know if i wanna spend my mondy.
it's easy to open website
great
so dumb garbage app need money to scan qrcode. beggers for money are the creater of this app. worst app in the world
sic
not free.
👍
nice
Great!
thilali
unique
great app
ali👌👌👌👌👌👌👍👍👍👍👍👍😄😄😄
good
best app
Only offers 3 day trial then charge you $95 a year.
nice app
😍
wow it is so fuc###g and i cannot continue to scan and i thought that my phone was lazing and it need a upgrade so i did and i keep bugging me to pay with my paypal and i only got $56 and it is so expensive!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so good
i like it
Good app
best
GREAT
you have to pay 95 dollers fir a year that im probably not even going to use for a year if it was 10 i would use but too expensive
WE ALL NEED TO SHUT THIS APP DOWN FOR TAKING ALL OF OUR MONEY THE MORE OF US THE BETTER AND IF I DONT GET MINE BACK ILL STOP AT NOTHING TO GET MY $125.99 DOLLARS BACK ITS NOT THE MONEY ITS THE FACT THIS APP TOOK MONEY WITH OUT ASKING MY PASSWORD OR INFORMING ME THAT THERE WILL BE A CHARGE AFTER THE FIRSR DAY ... I WILL BE FINDING OUT WHERE AND WHO MADE THIS APP ..
good
good app great zoom
high
Good
qq0q
nice
good
Good and stability
good
well app
Nice
sold to me without my knowledge or proper entry in a contact was given no email or information I only knew about it when I got the PayPal receipt after the 3 days.send me proof you sent all information pls. Screwed me. hope we run into each other in business. low of lowest
কি
Thief this app stole money out of my account I do not use this app I have no reason to use this app it's those $23 and some change out of my bank account so be careful using this app
nice
it makes you pay 1000kr after 3 day "trail"
good app keeps you up-to-date
Good
it work's
great app
nice
Its useless .
It is good to search any kind of product
BAD. FAIL. FRAUD. This application is a scam. Why pay for a scanner when there are many apps out there for free? I did not realize I even had this app until I started getting all these notifications pop ups asking me to test the scanner. Then I discover a charge on my credit card. I deleted the app, cancelled the subscription once I figured out it was on my phone, contacted google (who say I need to contact the app company) and have contacted the company 3 times with no response from them.
good app
good
it cost money...stay off it
trash
This fuc***g app deducted my 384 Aed, without use, i hate this app. Please never download this app
wants credit card
Immediately on running this the first time it tries to sign you up for a $95 subscription. The 5-star reviews are mostly fake from non-existent accounts or spam accounts that give one word reviews. Go to the top, click three dots at right, select other, put scam app with fake / bought reviews.
Very good app
CHARGES £88 REAL MONEY FROM PAYPAL ACCT - App did not make it clear money was to be paid.
not free
jj
works well for scanning codes with quick results
Good
perfect
its good but need to improve more
excellent
good
good
very2 help me to do work..and fast scanner
good
free trial only
you have to pay r u mad
Nice
it good
very good
Could be better
great
Just right
it dosent workkk
the app charged $96.6 after a week of being deleted without any approvment from my side
this app sucks it took a long time to load and when it finally did it froze, i thought it was just my phone so i reset it and tried again but no cigar. If i could i would not even give a star.
this is a scam will only let you start free trial with credit card and there are far better for free
If I put 1 star review, its gonna be overlooked by GOOGLE algorithm. So, I'm going to put 5 stars so that everyone can see my opinion about this app. A year ago, I needed the barcode for making an appointment for my doctor. I pressed the button without noticing the 95 dollars per year subscription and 3 days later, I looked at my bank and saw 95 dollars missing. Scammers are everywhere, and I hope you learn a lesson from me. They won't refund you. I guarantee that. Look at their email info.
Scam!!! DO NOT INSTALL IT!!!
awesome
I installed this app, only used it ones,and after several days when I was checking my bank account, I suddenly saw 95$ charge from your app that I DID NOT approved of! I went to Google play for the reviews and was shocked to see that I was not the only one who was charged and scammed!!  THIS APP IS A TOTAL SCAM!!! I expect Google to know the apps that it allows on its platform and this is cannot be allowed on Google play. *DONT DOWNLOAD*
Es simple, hecho justo para leer codigos y visitar las webs
因为提示太小没注意到被charge钱 根据google方法email申请取消和退款都不会回复 重新email了很多次 是要别人怎么索取这个389.99的汇款 还是劝大家用回微信的扫码比较好！
Boring Adds
You deduct my money from my bank without my knowledge!!! Luckily i receive a notificartion and i requested for refund.its not cheap! Its 129.98 singapore dollars!!!refund my money back .i didnt even use it
ok
Just designed to steal your money. $150 annual subscription fee. Worst app on the market. DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
Sometimes not Reachable
TOTAL SCAM STAY AWAY. 129.98 was taken away from my father who did not subscribe to anything. He only discovered it recently after the credit card bill was mailed to him.
Suck app
Total scam..i sign for free trial..there is no reminder of the due date of the free trial,and they charge me 100 dollar for subscription...very bad apps
good
Its a scam it will steal your money, do not get this!
Very reliable good job
Hi there, This app was accidentally  downloaded to my android  phone  and was uninstalled immediealty when it mentioned there is a fee for its use . Despite uninstalling the app I have been charged for this app . Now it is more than 2 days after the google play charged my credit card . Iam trying to find a way to get refund  and cancel this subscription . Would you please provide me with the link  for refund . to the developer as all the articles on google play say to contact the developer for refund.  Regards,
Nice
Not sure to trust my credit card even before using.
Good
This app is a scam, it mention there free for three days, but the last button was RM 389.99. It is very unfair that i uninstall the app within a day as i found another apps to use. But i still get charged for that price. I have tried to contact with the app company. Sending emails to the owner, but i hasnt get any reply after a week.
It a scam if you fall for it what kinda dumass would bye this
One of the theives here in google apps! They allow you to download the application for free but they will authomaticaly charge the one year subscriptions on your account even though you delete and unsubscribe on the day you download it! So disguisting! SCAM APP!!!
3 day free trial than a $150 a year subscription
Too annoying try to sell itself
Do not download, it's a scam.
Really nice for study
Good
I am not paying £100 a year for a QR Scanner, I would give no stars and go into the Negatives with a clean sad -5 Stars but that's unavailable sadly.
Good
Yeay
בתשלום
This app is a total scam! I thought i use a free trial but it charged me RM389.99! Im only 14 year old students and have been scolded by my parents, i have written a email to the developer hope can refund.
👍
It says frèe app but when you install says it will charge you $100 after 3 day trial unless you cancel. How do you cancel trial? This is a scam. It is not coming up in subscriptions so I cant cancel it. Its first day of trial.
This app is a scam. I cancel my card because of this app. Almost took $130 dollars from me. After 3 days, they will deduct your money. I cancel the subscription in 10 minutes. Don't download it.
It's goog
Good nice app
Good app. Easy to use
Bad
Worst app.. Charge me for 3 days use which i never use.. And no refund given.. Dont ever install this app.. Its like scam.. Ask for refund no reply for my email..
Good
Nice
Don't not download you will be charge $144 without out permission. scam!!!!
Emailed them , there wasnt a reply. Still awaiting.
Total scam... should not be allowed on Google Play. Auto charge after 3 days of 105 EUR. Says you can cancel any time but there are absolutely no instructions on how to do so. SCAM
WARNING!!!! THIS APP IS SCAM! IT WILL RIP YOUR MONEY! DONT EVER DOWNLOAD! PLEASE READ ALL COMMENT.
Good
How do you unsubscribe so they don't charge you?
Scam app do not download!!
This is a massive scam. Says it'll automatically charge your account and you can't exit out of it without it taking over your phone basically. No where can you cancel the subscription either. You guys will be reported.
Rip off
My first time writing review on Google play. This app is totally a scam. Charging people 129.98 without notifying. 👎Be careful when you download this app!!!
😭😭 i got charged $130 i want my refund
Pl refund my money this is the worest experience I have..with out my knowledge u take my money..
Pay to use
ok
f app
slow
User friendly and no malware
Great app, did what I needed to do!
Does the job
only 3 days trial? seriously can't expect people to pay $100 for a year membership of a qr scanner
rip off
I have to pay for this?
I read the reviews and uninstalled before opening the app
This is a good app
doll
V Good
garbage
Very good!
Absolutely horrible. The amount of trials i recieved while trying to take a barcode was insane. Do not download this.
I really don't get why i need to pay to get unlimited scans. Isn't that what a qr code reader is supposed to do???
nice
the worst app in the world don't downloaded it plz
the apps is so scammerr !!!!!
Ok
oy
causally
nice
$95/yr for a QR scanner?
Having downloaded the app for a free three day trial it then automatically took the payment for the full app without any warning. Didn't want the app and certainly didn't want to pay £86 for it. I've cancelled the subscription but how do I get a refund?
Good
gpo good
i have downloaded the app and was charged RM389.99 for a year subsription without my consent. I never used the app at all and i thought it was a free app. Kindly advise on how to refund the incurred charges. Thanks!
attempts to trick you into a $95 subscription. download a different app
I have barely downloaded this app and it tried to get to me to subscribe and pay a lot of money. there were so many adds and pop ups here and there. I didn't click subscribe and deleted the App immediately. I will now need to check with PayPal to make sure no charges were made to my account. its not a very pleasant experience. I did not agree to sign up. so to the owners of this app.. please be advised that I have deleted the app and did not agree to anything. cancel my subscription please!!!!!!!
ok
best
stupid app.. I just wanted to trial the application but was immediately charged ysd$95. better give me a full refund as I am definitely not going to use this....
Should have read all the reviews and never download this app. I was charge 129.98 when my operator's bill came. I want a full refund of my money. truly disappointed.
Good
nice
Not so good. No provide details
Hello developer, I have sent you another refund request about this QR code app that suddenly took a thousand norwegian kroner in my bank account. I have no idea what was this google app that just suddenly taken my money until I tried to google and trace what was it. And found out that it was this QR code that doesnt even exist in my homescreen which doesnt give me any idea that it was running in my phone system. I am again, asking for the refund for this app. I hope you hear me this time.
omg its working!!!thanks!!we love I tried every apps and follow in the youtube but its not working till I found urs
Scam...
I HATE DO NOT INSTALL THIS APP AFTER 3 DAYS IT WILL START TO CHARGE YOU $50 AND I COUDN'T FIX IT BAN THIS APP IT SUCKS.
I just want to use the app with being asked to spend a ridiculous amount of money
This is a scam and debited my card even though I u installed same day as it was not useful,
This QR scanner is not real. ITS SCAMMER TO PEOPLEs money. I just try to click to see how its works..and as its advertisements, say free trial..BUT 3days later, I have been charged RM390.94 for that. Worst things, I call google play store and email the customer service but seems that they are not interested at PEOPLEs concerned. They only want our MONEY.. PLEASE REFUND MY MONEY. I HAVE E-MAIL TO YOU. AND PLEASE REMOVE THE APPS ON GOOGLE PLAY STORE.
asking for your BANK DETAILS before even USING the dang thing
excellent!
hi dear
Great App
scam app
kau kena bayar
this app has stole my money...lol i want get a refund.
nice
need to pay $129 + sah
why i must pay for this..?
it very useful
great app super fast
I have not given permission to this app with asking to me they dedicate my payment and I got the bill for 100 us $ pls dont do scam Google please remove this app
$150 a year for an app that most people use less than once a month. you're dreaming
I got this app to try out as free trial . It's of no use to me . I was billed $124.99. I can seem to get a reply from qr regarding a refund as I deleted the app right away . Not good for business that's for sure . Please respond as I don't even have the app and don't think it's fair I pay for a year for something I am not interested in .
perfect
whats the point of this app being free if you still have to pay
its easy to use !!!
Rubbish app ... be carful it has too much of ads & it is NOT free app.
Best
nice app
BEST POBRAM
useful
how to unsubscribed after try for free? very expensive for using this, have other app is free
Scam lol
bad
왜 자꾸 니들 멋대로 결제하게하냐,? trail 버전에서 연정안하고 삭제했는데 왜 자꾸 경제되냐고? 완던 피싱 프로그램입니다. 절대 깔지마세요.
I am completely dissatisfied as I was just charged 95.00 for an application that I do not want!!!
good
stupid code reader
Good
Too many ads and not very user friendly
easy to use
this app is tricking people into paying them and self sign up for annual subscription.
stupid App..!!! after scan , need to pay
What a piece of utter bullsh!t
nice for learning
Hahaha I love this app bcs it helps me a lot
good
nice
go
Just a piece of rubbish and scam
immediately tries to trick you into paying $95, voting it 1 star because i can't give it 0
fun
nice app
sucks
excellent
good
excellent!
This is absouletly appalling. my small child accidentally downloaded this app without my consent and then uninstalled it immediately and a subscription stayed on my account even though the app was deleted and it took $149.99 from my account and the app wasn't even used!!!!
מגניב
im confused to see working scamer app and its works at the forst time cuz this i confused and gave you 5 stars if i can i was giving you 50 stars keep doing nice work 👌👍
tries to trick you into subscribing for $150/year. absolute rubbish
awesome q code scanner
Good app
works good
bad
they force me to put my bank card no T-T
good job
good
good
Free to download but then pay $125 a mount, go f yourselfs
Good one
no ads please
good
good
This app steal money!!! I already uninstalled it after I installed and found the app not suitable. but it still deduct my money from my Google account.
good quality
this is a con
excellent
Stupid app.. How come need to pay rm300+ for this thing
di agad sinabing may bayad
$129 a year, what a great price
This apps is TOTALLY SCAM... i just download it and it say free trial for 3 days.. And yet why did they deduct rm399.99 from my account. This was a total disaster. That money can use to refill my vehicle for 3 months. Shame on you. I want my money back
nice
syok
good
ki
good
good
very exp
Not useful
Scam and Fraud... Never install this to try... Never
how to avoid being charged? i wrongly downloaded it .help me.
very bad
pleas scan my Android phone and identity fake application and fake file I'm revive
helpful
there good
gud app
its a best app
Annoying adware piece of trash!
Good
I've never made a payment for this application, but the developer has deducted some money from my bank account. Hope the developer can refund me that money.
Horrible
nurhanis sofea
oj
accidentally purchased
Total scam. This should never be on google play. Just there to steal your money. DO NOT DOWNLOAD. When I got a clear message that they were going to charge me 100$ automatically, I just pressed back button without starting the App, but still, it took over my phone and started. I have not found how to unsubscribe.
so badddddd .only 1 app charge rm389.99👎
ok
fraud !!!!! i was charged 369.99aed - 100usd after installing the trial version which is clearly mentioning try for free
trash no way to cancel and forces payment
Cant even scan
good
DO NOT INSTALL. As soon as you open the app it tells you to buy it or use the "3 day trial". This trash of an app is a SCAM
Worst apps ever. Charged me RM399 without any authorisation.
THE GOOD JOB
super
Was unaware of the charges and was charge $129.98 for an app I use once. Do not recommend.
totally scam... they got you on FREE trial, after 3 days will charge $95.. beware.. do not just uninstall app!!! first cancel your subscription with them via subscriptions manager.. and delete this app afterwards..
great
Expensive
Good app. 👌👍
He charged me with 95$ and I can't refund...
good
I have emailed to you. pls refund..this apps cannot be uninstalled or cancelled the subscription. once u install for trial, u will be straight away been charged. hi, QR, kindly reply my review or email. I need my refund. it is such a big amount for normal user like us.. Google Play, since so many people been cheated, can Google pls take action and take this apps down..
You can't even use the free trial without agreeing to give up over $100 after three days. Seems like an exorbitant scam to me.
You can keep hitting your back key till you get to the scan screen and it will scan and show you the results but what the freaken heck would a Qr scanner offer for 95$, unlimited scans, I can get that for free, encrypted Qr codes will since there is no standard encryption for Qr codes yet the person you would need to send it to would need to buy the app too.DO NOT ACCEPT THE 3 DAY TRIAL OR LET IT HAVE ACCRA TO YOUR ACCOUNT EVER, add I said you can just keep hitting back and it will let you scan.
why does this app have a subscription service for it's barely working function?
how can i cancel subscription?please tell me
hhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Good
makes you pay to use it
senang & mudah digunakan
$ 129 CAD per year. Forget that!
NOT free! I didn't subscribe, didn't even start the free trial, just uninstalled as soon as I saw it was so obscenely expensive!
ok
don't download, it's a scam which will charge you ridiculous price after the trial ended.
it's a scam!!!!
I didn't like and I delete and it still charge me I'm very upset right now.
to start using it now
tem q pagar pra usar, não baixem it needed to pay, don't download
Good apps
Scam app! It will sign you up for a year subscription and take a payment from you within 3 days. To cancel the subscription go into the play store menu(3 lines in the top left corner) hit the subscription tab and click the app and cancel the subscription for this BS app, let google know why you are cancelling the subscription then come to this app's page and report the app as a scam. If you have already lost money call you credit card company and tell them you did not approve the purchase!!!!!
good
please please don't install this app is just a huge scam it will steal 95 dollars from you just for a free trial. Plese if you installed this app and you got scammed or almost got scammed report this app so this will not happen anymore , thanks!
its good
It says you can "try for free" but then it hits you with a charge even if you're not keeping it. The charge for Canada is 124.99$ even though I deleted the thing the same day. This is a scam, please take this app down and give people a refund!!!
NINETY FIVE dollars for qr scanner. no thanks.
Okay
it is not installing the apps
how i to unsubribe it? plz tell me!!! im not gonna pay it, i only use it for once and after 3 day it charge me 95$
AWESOME.!!!!!
Automatically steals RM389 when the product trial is over, even if you cancel it on the third day. This is a predatory subscription.
ITS A SCAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT WILL CHARGE YOU rm389.99 AFTER 3 DAYS !!
avoid not free or easy to deal with and very miss leading
ok
good
very bad
Utter trash filled with ads
okok
This is a scam! I install but then it didn't worked so I uninstall immediately but it charged me without my consent! I want my money back!
awesome app
Good
awesome
scam
best
please don't download this app. this my request
this app is liar!!! they take my money first rm3.99 after 3 days at this day they take again rm99.99... how so stupid they are.... don't Download this apps LIar.. he like scammer!!!! 😡😡😠
wow
me also had use this app and after use i uninstalled the app than suddenly after the trial subscribe expired it suddenly auto subscribe and i pay already for 1 year around rm389 i hope the developer can refund for all the customer before all complain and make report for the application
they help more
I installed the "Free" trial, but I cancelled in the same day, July 19 ... but R$369,99 was debited to my credit card, if it is a free trial, and I cancelled in the same day why occurred this debit ... This value will be cancelled in my credit card?
scammer app take. free app but take money
Scam
scam deduct from my wallet rm389..please stay away this app..
fast and easy
nice
don't try to install it, if not, you will regret with your actions
nice
nice
DO NOT DOWNLOAD - Scam app I downloaded the free app from playstore and was ridiculously charged $129.98 via my linked paypal account for this application. Tried to cancel app for refund and was shown status cancellation date in 1 year time. Emailed developer and have yet to hear any response! Horrible experience and google should seriously take this app down to prevent more victims....
it is for money,WHY IS IT FOR MONEY?!
would like to cancel wasnt what I needed thank you
Uh oh well then we will be able to get a new phone 📱
Good
TubeMate
Very good app
quick and easy to install and use
nice
Ok
they want $100 a year for what something you can get for free
scam
goood
asco de app
good
scam
downloaded the app and deleted it within the trial period. but i got charged SGD$128 !!! SCAM, DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
ok
very good really and very fast application
nice
i like this app
its a scam
I suddenly got charge SGD 129 after 3 days and i only use it once. I forgot to unsubscribe. Now i email them to see if i can get a full refund.
Cool app
this scam..it say for free trial 3 day..but this apl charges rm389.99.
How to cancel subscription before end of trial?
best
nice
BEWARE!! I downloaded this app, first scan said something about a trial and I immediately deleted it, only to find they charged my card $100.69! Scam! Who needs to pay for a QR scanner? RIP offs and when I disputed it with Google Play, even though it says if you delete the app, you may qualify for a refund...no such luck!
such a scam don't waste your time downloding it
was charged €99 .99 for this unauthorized
good
best!
good
scam alert. prompted to try for free but still deducted a yearly fee straight from my account thats $129.98 to be honest. nobody would want to pay subscription fee when they can just download this same app for free.
Good.
fine
bad
ez to use
It's scam and google play store shall remove this app immediately
lovely
Trash
es de paga
unintentionally bought this thinking it was free
GOOD.
QR scanner my Arse!!! more like QR SCAMMER.. I downloaded again just to put this review!!
good
liar app
noped out the second I saw that it was free for 3 days, then they charge a ridiculous $95 PER YEAR! for a QR CODE READER! Tons of other options that do work without a ridiculous fee. avoid and keep searching!
too many ads
good
good to use
App is constantly trying to make me subscribe to Ad free which costs ludicrously too much money, so it's a total con
need to pay $30 a month to use
3 day trial and then charge you 95 dollars? I uninstalled right away without even trying. I did not subscribe and i hope it will not charge me as what other people said im the review.
Good
friendly user.
excellent
You better not charge me bcos immediately uninstall and unsubscribe as read it's a bloody scam!
Tries to scam you for $150 by making you agree to a free trial.
Good
good application
hn
all about money and advertisment.
easy to use
I feel tricked. I've just been charged $125 for a service that says "try for free", it says on my credit card statement "try for free" $125. I wouldn't vocalize this if I didn't really mean it. please be aware...
SCAM!! FRAUD!! Nothing but thieves!! They debit $149.99 before the free trial period has even finished. Don't respond to emails and worst of all, the 13 seconds that I actually used this app it couldn't find any results online.
good app
takes $94.00 off your card. free my ass, now my power is getting shut off thanks QR code reader, I can read codes in the cold and dark. DO NOT DOWNLOAD!!!!!
doesn't scan and on the rare occasion it does it bombardes me with ads for vip I DONT WANT VIP STFU 🖕
good working app
good
excellent
aids
Very "easy" to sign up for 99.00 a year.. You guys know you these ads are just bad
ok
help
3 days trial day, waste my data to install
nice
I have barely downloaded and opened it and it has already bombarded me with at least four ads that nearly tricked me into giving up $95 to this app. First it mix me watch a very long ad before I scan anything, then I scan something, it forces me to watch another ad before giving me any results, it said it won't show me the results and doesn't detail how to scan the code in the first place. immediately deleting.
it will not scan a single QR code, but it wants me to pay for the full app. fail.
It looks like this app tries to bill automatically after 3 days. Even uninstalling doesnt get rid of it, I had to go in and manage subscriptions and turn that option off.
when you uninstall this app AND remove it from your list it STILL takes your money!!!! I want my $150 back thanks! i had to go into my account and play around to "unsubscribe" i used this app once and found it very unhelpful. and why is it charging SO MUCH!??!?! HOW DO I GET MY MONEY BACK????
worst app ever,you cant even use it without watching an ad
good app
babi kene bayar
my kids accidently install this stupid app and dont know there is a 3 days trial. after 3 days trial my credit card have been charged 95 dollar. pls dont download this app.
liar..take money..dont install
SCAM ALERT.... DONT DOWNLOAD THIS APP, STEAL YOUR MONEY AFTER FREE TRIAL... be aware to that kind of scam.... please remove this app on google.... scam scam scam
good
very gud app
very good
useless app
good
wants a subscription for no add qr scanner
ITS NOT FREE! THEY WILL FORCE U. IF WANT TO SCAN IT
3 Day Free Trial Then 95.99 per year.
good
scam pay to use.....
Do not download! scam
fool
good
good
dont download what a waste of money
what is the point a qr scanner ig you cant ho to the website
you literally have ti pay for everything. complete waste of time. there are better free options
Excellent app
Automatically steals $95 when the product trial is over, even if you cancel it on the third day. This is a predatory subscription.
have to pay. garbage
no entra a menos que aceptes los terminos del pago anual
Nice
absolute garbage pay for everything trash.
excellent code reader no problems, and very accurate.
don't download its not free¡
super
Good app.I can do my homework know
why do I have to pay
good
sip
I made a payment by mistake, i apologized and i asked for refund, no one is answering my emails. a very bad experience. i still need a refund !!!
booo
i want to stop using this app plZ text me
So far so good to be honest . :)
good
aufull
liked. but not affordable works well
Total scam, deceptive ad to try get your money, plenty of free apps doing the same thing.
do even dowload it they just want your money
ask you to sign up to a trail and wants to charge you instantly for the year subscription
how this one cancel subscribe
good
good
SORRY
stop
Ok
Why would you pay for a QR scanner????? Total rip off
Not worth it for 95$/year
absolute bs you basically have to be "vip" for this to be useful
utterly useless
I keep scanning the card and it keeps popping up saying to do the free trial. how dumb.
you have to pay to scan
good
Good !
Watch out for the 130$ subscription fee!
customer care details please or support center mail address
free trial? $90+ dollars a year after a 3 day free trial? must agree to year to get free trial? ABSOLUTELY NOT
94 dollars is nuts for something you can get for free don't waste your time
Do not download it please. They stole my money from my card without my Authorization and I couldn't do nothing
SCAM!!!
trash
good
Too pricey
says you don't need to pay then makes you sign up for a free trial anyway before you use? no
awful
Nice
its a BLOODY SCAM! Avoid at all costs!
good
Uninstalled same day! I'm not paying $94 for a code reader!
search
i didn't purchase....please refund my money..i didn't use it.. a
poor
A SCAM! they make you subscribe for a 3 days trial and then automatically charge with 104quids for a yearly subscription! A HECKIN' SCAM
Yup its a scam google get it sorted i will struggle this month and next thanks to my kids trying this to read a stupid qr code on a magazine now im £86.99 down and very upset  Google you need to refund me and remove this app and any others like it.... stupid me i thought you protected us from this kind of thing guess corporate business isn't all primary colours and kindness  no holiday for the kids this summer thanks to this
total scam for 95 dollars
this app is so helpful to me
O aplicativo é horrível não tem a opção de cancelar e como eu esqueci de desinstalar nos 3 dias, descontaram diretamente do meu cartão e agora não consigo mais cancelar a assinatura.
currently on the phone to my bank because this app has taken £85 from me despite me cancelling within my free trial period. DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP!!!! IT IS NOT FREE YOU WILL BE CHARGED
tryed to charge money after 3 days
scam dont use
nice apps
bad app. jam my cell
This app deduct SGD $129.98 from my account even though i did not subcribe to it. Contacted Google for refund and was advised to contact the developer directly. Sent couple of emails yet no response!!
great app
SCAM APP!!!
These guys are scamming people in a ridiculously professional way
good
omg this is sooooooooo bad it a lot from my acount like 3456 AED this is a*******thats what I said to this app.
sangat membantu
Sunshine be a rash around my hand I wouldn't have it in class
nearly 100$ a year.
it is horible
SCAM THAT TAKES YOUR 95 DOLLARS!!! Like other people here I installed for the "FREE" trial and uninstalled the very same day when it didn't work. I was then hit with a charge on my card that put a HUGE dent in my budget. Take this app DOWN, Google.
Good
this app is ass af ong u have u to pay
horrible
scam
dumb
worst app ever, u have to pay for everything
Bad
scam. charge $100 after a 3 day free trial
how can a simple qr reader app be full of ads to be used otherwise requiring an annual plan playment to be used? No thanks
it is a fake i want to my scan and it went to another app
very nice app
notcool
good app I can scan anything it is so cool
excellent
its "free"
I like to use
wast of time
waste of time, dont download
Scam, don't download it
good
DON'T DOWNLOAD CHARGES YOU $100
I am trying to cancel this,hit the subscription by mistake this is not what I wanted
awesome
cost is too high deleted
you are forced to register which means that you can be charged without knowing
Good payment method.. And its connected with the web version. Update: just one problem, i got very often the video that i downloaded, can't played or its error (we were unable to play the video....), please fix it.. cause i often need it to rewind or skip the video freely. Note: I've try to delete and redownload it, but the the result still same
Doesnt login in moto g6 plus. It just freezes. Login ok on iphone and chrome browser. Fix pls
Very informative. Thank you.
Excellent course must try..!
Best learning tool
Best teacher, methods and pricing
Ya gud app
Great app
This is a great app thank you udemy fabulous app
Learning makes extremely easy
An excellent app...for improve ourselves
It's being a great experience learning at udemy.
Very good courses. I like the content. Buying their couses seems worthy.
Perfect app I'm looking for my knowledge enhancement. A As of now trying free courses first and as interest built will go for paid also.
Great
Awesome!! Must take subscription instead of spoiling money in unwanted things.
This app is very helpful.I am enjoying it
Good for learning
Nice
I'm unable to login in the app whereas I'm able to login in browser successfully. I've tried to login in app multiple times and I've re-installed also but still facing the same error
great app, because there is a lot of course
Reinstalled but wasnt showing my courses then updated and now works well 👍
Good app recommended to everyone who wants to improve their speaking skills.
Even after downloading the courses why do youl need internet to play..offline playing is not posiible
it was an amazing experience with that.it's a best plateform to gain knowledge.thank you team udemy
Excellent with android phones...
Best Learning App
Great!!
Very useful learning app
Best app for learning
It's good
started notification spamming for sales. I shouldn't have to check apps after every update to see if they are going to start spamming me. Nobody wants the spam!
Super
Best learning 👌👌
Why is it taking so much of mobile data ? I don't know about others but for me it's taking 350-400 MB for just 15 minutes in 360P quality.
Great platform to Lear new skills.
Amazing, light and easy
Valuable app to learn new technology
good
Very useful app !!
I can't upload photos on Q&A section, like in desktop version
Awesome packages for true learners
Completely understand the topics go through it.
Excellent app for knowledge and learning
Nice
Nice apps
Good,
Excellent
Great to be able to learn on the go. However, frustrating the way lessons start in the middle or plays the same lesson multiple times even though it is marked complete. I would give it another star if it didn't forget what lesson I was on half the time.
Excellent. Worth contents
Love the convenience and simplicity of learning.
Great platform for learning
excellent
Interesting stuff
Awesome website and soo happy to have an app
Very useful for beginners, thanks for who giving free videos
good
Grand
I bought an Adobe illustrator : Essentials Training Course in app purchase paid through google play, my account was debited with the amount but neither did i received any confirmation of enrolment nor did i received any receipt. This is seriously cheating.
excellent
thanks for fixing the issue with 'my course' tab . everything is good till date .
I've learned more here than I did at my on job training.... automation engineer btw
I really appreciate it
over all good
Very good app.
Unable to view any content. The courses dont appear in the app anymore after the update. can you help.
Excellent
I learn a lot from this app. But some of class even available in youtube...
thank you for this platform the content is really valuable.
Very nice way to learn if your lecturer is good
Wonderful app to learn programming! Could be better if the prices were low
Excellent
a bit clunky sometimes but all in all good. pip would be nice
App is providing us an enjoyable experience
Awesome app to learn what you wish
good
It is the best platform to learn online courses.
Very useful app
The worst app they promise life time courses but they can delete your account anytime they want that, customer service is the worst they will never answer you back, scammers
Extensively Amazing! <3
The app has been great for me by offering very good courses at a ridiculously low and affordable price. The expertise of the lecturers too is good
excellent app...thanks for the wonderful tutorial at nominal fee
magic app If your learning. Look out for the deals before purchase
Video is buffering even in good internet. Tried uninstalling, same issue.
great app n plenty of great courses
the best on the world wide web
Just go for it. You can find almost everything and everything's crystal clear. I don't usually review on playstore, but this one, it's different and the best.
very good source of skill learning
great
good
This app has really been helpful to my learning.....Thank you Udemy
MBA Alternative as cheap as a meal in Mcdonald's.Thank for making the world changing platform.
Bestest app for learning everything in one place.
great online courses
Great app
The platform - awesome. The app - steaming pile of hot garbage.
nice! app for learning
Very good
great lessons and instructors
I can download majority of the content of the course on my phone, however, when the app prompts me to connect to the pc to open a certain assignment or lecture it only shows courses i bought a year ago? why arent my new courses appearing on the desktop and why cant i access the pc courses on my phone app? ok so this is the edit. another question, howcome its 100 for the exact same course on pc and 119 rand on the app????
Great app
App is very slow it won't load quick it takes 1 min to load and it won't respond at all !check its out
undoubtedly Best 😍
Excellent and outstanding app
Good
Great interactive course jam packed with applicable training and tools.
I strongly recommend UDEMY to everyone. I told one of my friends, and he is very thankful to me. You will be glad you did.
The app need to get online ever watching the downloaded courses, how i could watch the downloaded videos in offline mode?
awesome
good app
Cant buy any courses why i dont know :(
I can't login,tried doing multiple times(app as well browser).Mailed you guys but der was no response.
awesome course and really good content
perfect
excellent
please take a look at the download manager as it is not working properly and gets stuck (device: Samsung Galaxy S10 5G)
I love this app.This app is very helpful to those who learn something new.There are so many courses which can be enrolled.There are two types of courses which are paid and not paid.Thank you so much udemy i am indept to you
Good
works perfectly
Good to learn and get certification
if u have this app u dont need to go college
Nice platform to learn...
Making Life
I suggest
Great experience
it's a great app to learn anything
good app
A very useful learning site ♥️♥️♥️✔️✔️
Good
udemy server is very heavy, needed so much of downloading speed or buffering, I face this problem everytime and my courses has not completed till now due to this irritating buffering and the buffering is still on 10MBPS, please make the server light and fast like youtube. very bad 😡😡experience related to speed😟😟.
wow!!! very friendly n copliany 2 my need instanyly
i really enjoyed this app
Purposefully spent the time
I want your contact number. Is this a joke to you. I canceled my subscription but still didn't get a refund. I tried everything you told me to do. But no result. Shame on your app
I purchased course form udemy Android app and amount was deducted from my bank account but I don't get any course or receipt and mail. I don't get my money back
good
Best App for online courses forever
awesome👏
Nice platform to learn and gain knowledge.
good for learning
Muito eficiente.
great
Nice app.. Really worth every penny..
magnificent tools for learning online
Very nice. I got too much knowledge from udemy. Thank you udemy!! Michael.
A very lovely app, user friendly and very comfortable. I love it, I'm enjoying my studies here
best app to learn online
After finishing the quiz, there should be option to proceed to the next video lesson
Why I'm unable to watch any of my courses in my app after the latest update. Totally fed up and pathetic
Awesome experience.... Well established and programmed app
Very useful application, we can easily complete the coursed we want to learn.. No need of desktop or laptop..
very nice app and good tutorial videos
ಕಂಟೆಂಟ್ ಇನ್ನೂ ಸ್ವಲ್ಪ ಚೆನ್ನಾಗಿ ಇರಬಹುದಿತ್ತು.
BUYER BEWARE! The Udemy app on Adroid DOES NOT and WILL NOT allow you to download and lectures via WiFi for offline viewing! Additionally, the app dorsn't eveven sllow logging in to your sccount now. problem was reported back in May 2019, and Udemy has done NOTHING to fix it after NUMEROUS times contacting tech "support." They just can't figure it out. This means ALL of your courses are ARE 'locked up.' Udemy corporate refuses to answer my certified mailed correspondence. Class Action lawsuit!
i have two problem 1. i can't find my courses . 2. i have balance in google play in udemy i cant buy course show message payment unsuccessful card declined google play.
not working on my phone anymore Nexus 5x
it always gets closed saying stopped unfortunately
god bless udemy
super
Nice app to get us updated with the new technology
good
OUTSTANDING
Simple and easy to use! Satisfied!
Lots of great content both free and paid.
awesome
force close when I try to login with email.
Its very user-friendly and very simple to navigate. The only problem is the failure of videos to load over poor network. Can you please make the videos light on loading just like Youtube videos.
Great app, it's been invaluable in my studies towards numerous networking certifications over the years and Udemy's customer support is outstanding, they respond quickly and are very helpful. The only niggle I have is that you cannot alter the playback speed of videos when streaming to Chromecast, but it is such a minor detail in the scheme of things. I would recommend this app to anyone that wishes to gain new skills, new knowledge and/or improve themselves without spending a fortune.
I used it as nickname and i got certificate for that..i e-mailed my problem but nothing happened.
fantastic bro
For continuous learners...it's a good app
unable to login
great experience
This app is really very good and easy to learn any subject...
good experience
Useless with my Pixelbook, it always crashes. Please fix it asap. update: it works on the Chrome browser obviously, but I want to download the courses offline so I can learn during my travels (flights especially) using the big screen of my Pixelbook, please fix it asap
amazing
Excellent
Good
Inutilizável, não consigo usar um app no qual os carregamentos são infinitos, as páginas simplesmente não carregam. Não entendo como um app deste está na loja
Excellent
This app is extremely buggy for both Android Mobile and Chromebook. On mobile, the PDFs will not open and when I contacted Support, I was told they know about the bug and use the browser... so then whats the point of the app??? While video plays on Chromebook, an error message continuously pops up nonstop so I'm forced to close the app. I guess they know about this bug too 🙄 Will rate higher when Udemy fixes their "known bugs".
great app for learn new skills and grow up your life
superb app
wow wow wow wow, excellent
Clear videos and voices. the tutors have deep knowledge of the subject matters. Kudos!! I am actually learning bit by bit. Thanks to the teams.
This helps so I can play the lessons on my tablet while working on my project on the pc.
I paid for a course, my account gets debited but didn't get the course
new update of app seems working well. i ll give 5th star after few days of observation. thanks for solving the issue
nice and easy to use
Please could you add an option to search questions in a course on Android devices, thanks. But great app non the less. Once you get used to the UI, it's pretty easy to browse the courses and their content. Especially like the part of buy once for life which other sites font offer.
The best learning app for everyone! 😊
There is serious latency issue in the android app. Search, Cart, Wish list tabs work fine. My Courses tab never loads. I am not able to watch my course videos.
Love Udemy. App is Way too slow. Videos stall.. Too many terrible updates. Now I cant login at all. But I changed from two to three stars for their quick customer service response.
nice app to near
Great app, easy to download and keep track of courses.
Nice
I appreciated my first experience with udemy course, especially the structure of the content, the simple navigation throughout the mobile app and the prices... thanks to the udemy team!
good
Good app for learning.
fine
dear udemy android developers, app is working fine, when i have reinstalled the udemy app. thanks for quick response.
fantastic app to educate yourself better!
Excellent App
Amazing tool for videos
Quite specific & detailed.
Good
Awesome!
Can't cast to a TV as advertised. Unusable once videos are downloaded as noted by nunerous other people. Uninstalled and will probably stop using Udemy as streaming everything via 4G is costly and unacceptable. Sorry !
good
Udemy, all respect baby❤
Training stop centre. Best I had.
it shares enormous knowledge from the people al around the world.....
best app
goo learning app
Excellent
i have attended every quiz , but i am unable to get certificate , but when i taken same quiz through browser the course is completed ,,, plz revtify issue
love offline mode
nice
very good, felt useful,helps me to utilize my free time properly thankyou. its like a treasure i found atlast😀
excellent 👌👌
My courses tab takes too much time to load. everytime i have uninstall reinstall and login to app to view my courses.i am using mi note 3 phone Android os. i am not facing such issues with any other applications in my phone. kindly do something. i just saw other users has also reported this issue. i have already contacted your support and they are not able to reproduce the issue. 3446707 is the support ticket number.
Love being able to access my courses on my phone and laptop
So far I am still at the beginning. But what I have learned so far and the way they explain the information and show the different effects. I will recommend this online course site to everyone.
Excellent. My only complaint is they havent made it fully compatible with a smartphone.
I'm not sure what's going on but a simple search for javascript turns up nothing found. NO development courses are found. Are you guys discontinuing dev courses?
Udemy app not working on my phone i hangs and slow down and video is not opening on mi redmi note 3 phone .In the browser is works normal .plz fix it.
good
udemy is a great app to learn the topics you love in byte sized modules
Says can't connect to the internet while i am connected
good app for learning
The playback order is a complete mess. If you go out of the app to listen to the audio only, it will skip several lectures ahead when the current one is done. If you go back into the app it will switch to yet another lecture. Also, you can't browse the list of lectures when the screen is horizontal. SAD
great trainer here.
excellent
la aplicación no me permite ver todo el curso completo. Los vídeos saltan y en ocasiones no se escuchan.
valuable app
Excellent
great
good
Great Learning 👍
nice app
great.
I really enjoy following courses on Udemy!
#Can not download lesson on my app. #Not good for in-app online streaming. Need very strong network, unlike youtube. Please make it lighter. #In app Home page not appearing after refresh. Hope you guys take example from YOUTUBE APP in your next software update and make it lighter on streaming and downloading. using Android. ...........NICE CONTENTS. #Already tried installing &uninstalling it more than 15 times both from PlayStore & Galaxy Store. # Force Stopped & Restarted. NOTHING IS WORKING.
Great courses
good
am not able to login..redmi note 5 pro.. android
thanks for the app love it....
It's easy to pay thru GPay i love it! Friendly use and great instructors with credibility.
Good
provide custom speed options.. require > 2.0×
Its a very good App for online learning, many suitable products available in very minimal price.
Nice course amd content
Good
awesome app for learning skill
A great platform to learn.😍😍😍😍
The app is good but unable view Q&A please fix this. Otherwise the app is super...
This is so damn amazing! You can get your required courses for learning. Udemy provides a vast category of courses to choose from. It is actually a really good platform, I really loved it!💜💜😁✌🏻✌🏻
Course prices shown in app are higher than prices shown in their site. Also, price are high for those have taken multiple courses.
love it
Application becomes unresponsive / takes ages to load my courses and downloaded videos.
when i install this app login takes 5 minutes and to open any course it takes 10 minutes or more.. i uninstalled and reinstalled. By the way im using Udemy from 2013 and i have very good internet connection and ram in my mobile and i never faced this kind of issue with the app before. Now a days facing too many problems. @support team- could you please fix the issues asap.. Thanks, rajeshwari
immersive mode in landscape is still not working in vivo z1 pro. It has been a month since I raised this issue. Are you developers even listening?
nice to use and i learn many things from this in reasonable price
REALLY USEFUL
good one
awesome app
You want a review so bad from me, udemy? Here you have it: 5 stars for the app, - 4 stars for the repeating, non-removable request to review your app. Bravo, you get 1 star
4 only because i can't stream cast to my smart tv
fabulous
wonderful app ...
Please, get to correct this app. The recent update is a NO-NO-NO. App was working perfectly until the update done early this week. Please check and fix this.
Great App
Good
great idea for affordable education
awsome app for learning anything.. you can learn more more more from udemy..
Needs a dark mode. Content is awesome!
Great app to use on the bus or train
The courses are good. However the app keeps on crashing on my oneplus 7.
Awesome App for learning Programming Language... Will definitely recommend others... Cheers, Ashis
I love Udemy and I'm using this since a yr. I love the courses but recently I refunded a Course with an hr as I picked a wrong course and I was removed from the course without getting the refund! In India the course value is high as comparing to American Dollars. And taking courses from my savings means a lot to me! I want my refund as soon as possible! Thanks, Regards.
Simply superb
Good
Best app to learn Will recommend to all
Awesome app and courses are too good
Excellent app, the best part is its life time access. You can see videos as many times as you can. Its true value of my investment.Thank you team for creating such an excellent app!!
Good!
easy to learn new things
Udemy is a great concept. It allows us to learn in a easy, convenient and affordable way. I can found the goal oriented course with all the genre I can think about. Thanks Udemy to make the learning available in every corner of the world.
This app helps to learn from the best
Wonderful
Thank you.
I love this
Very nice!!
Great
Convidei uma amigo, ele comprou pelo meu link, mas eu não banheiro os crédito na udemy!
Absolutely fantastic. The courses are extremely in depth and feel college-ready. Don't be put off by the prices yet, because they have sales every so often that puts all courses around $12 each for $200-$300 courses. Highly recommended
Great app
Everything is there other than one important missing feature, casting on TV. I have only one laptop, and no second monitor. It would be really good if I could watch the codes on TV and implement them on my laptop.
informative
I really love this app this is my partner in learning things, my techer. I'll die if this app or business gone. Im so grateful with the knowledge i have with this.
Great app to learn what you want
Excellent
Price is different in app and on site ..also please lemme know if the reiki course is genuine or not..I want a proper certification course
Good
Grt
Best
I liked it Very much purchesed first python 3
The teaching method are simple easy to learn.
Es una ventaja de aprender un idioma nuevo y abrir nuestra mente hacía otra cultura o género
Its really beneficial for all domains.....i wud rcmnd it specially for beginners
I purchased two different courses few weeks back, now that I log in both courses have disappeared! Care to explain?
Good !!!!
Very enlightening, but the app is extremely slow, leagues behind the snappiness of Coursera or Edx. (I've tried it on multiple devices)
Great app
Best for self-teaching!!
I have been able to see the filter free/paid before but now it's not visible on website and on app it after a topic search only! Have you removed that the free courses? Also have closed your referral program?
Sir do you have tutorials on mold design in CREO and solidworks please
Lots of value thanks for this app
Good
This app is very usefull
using it with satisfaction
Great app
Amazing App, Great Teachers, Amazing Courses and Certificates. Thank you Udemy
Nice and very useful for learners
great app, I use udemy to compliment my calc classes
The price of the course shown on web was ₹ 360. After sign up it went up to ₹ 420 . Again after purchase its showing ₹ 360. It is a marketing gimik or I am going to get a refund. Dont cheat in the name of price fluctuations. Very unprofessional. Moreover there's no customer support exist for this app. Pathetic
It is good but i hope you will provide live example.
Amazing app for learning everything and free
App stalls at every point and ive just purchased 6 courses
Really helpful, helped me decide what I really want to become.
Awesome app
Great
It's very good platform for beginners and other's ... Udemy i love it😘
Good
Great
Good one
Very friendly
Why the app showing different prices of courses from web? But also never done net banking on web why? And now that's offer also closed. Very disappointed.
Great app to take your learning on the go.
Nice
Better for the learner who want to learn something interesting which they might could not get from surroundings
Watching videos was easy
Good
I am very much frustrated with this app...it is showing different amount for the same course...this is frustrating to see different amount of price for same course
Great
Useful
Introduced to it by my brother. Availed one course.... Lets see...
Udemy application has a good interfaceand is easy to use.
A great platform to learn different stuff
Resourceful. Worth spending my time on! Beautifully crafted courses!
Good
I like te app
My class teaches me slow and fully explained. We interested to learn more.
The app experience is smooth and friendly. I am viewing a course currently and the experience just suits my requirements. The particular course is made very well which is completely the teacher's effort yet i am glad to find such useful courses in here.
Vera 11
I found these courses very useful and worth of money . Though 1 star is less due to some really low level courses which could decieve you.
No problems
Great app for learning new skills
The app that exceeds expectations on behalf of computer world problems !
Its gifts form knowledge
Loved the app and had absolutely no problems with the app before update now I can't seem to access any of my courses because of connection issues when my connection is just fine. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling but no improvements. Update: My problem has been resolved and I am loving everthing Udemy has to offer 😃
I can't log in with my email, so I can't get purchased courses!
Amazing
Awesome app
Can't login on the app . Please fix the bug
Very good
Gud
Excellent
Best Platform to learn new skills.
Excellent app!!
The app is sluggish and doesn't load anything in any screen. But my Internet is fine and udemy opens when I use my browser... So why is the app not working??
The courses are good but sometimes some parts of the videos don't load and I am not able to see those minutes of the course. Please fix that udemy.
Very good
This app is fantastic. We can playband even listen to the audio without a visual. Thinks are working perfectly! Thank you Udemy and their team!
App doing all I need. 😁👌
I have purchased a course but it is not added to my courses
I am not able to sign in to the Mobile App. It's showing "there is a problem in signing in". Please fix the issue fast.
The most greatest app, I have never use such kind of apps, and it is also the best helper to improve my English
This app is very good usefull to good information
Good
Simply Superb
User friendly
Good app
Great tutorials. Very detailed approach.
Is this certification gives value in any organization ?
Good experience
Perfect app for leaning. Donot hesitate. Go for it
Very useful and easy to understand..
Superb one
Cant sign in and just crashes dont know why
I learn something about arduino board
I cannot open the app. Im using a good smart phone with good 4G connection but, the app doesn't opens and operates. I'm very devastated.
Its good
Aw..👌
Very easy to
Unpredictable behaviour. Sometimes Videos do not play even while the device is connected to the internet. You cannot access the downloaded videos offline. It requires the device to be connected to the network i order to resume the downloaded videos. Weird!
Udemy is great. However, the app just ruins everything. Downloaded lecture videos do not play when offline. Video stops playing while both online and offline.
Your video player is too bad. While I can watch videos 1080p definition in youtube with same internet speed, in your video player, I can't watch 360p. What is the reason of this. Because of this situation, I can't follow my courses regularly. I want a solution for this problem.
Very good and useful app. I'm using udemy for a long time now but I didn't want to download the app because I thought the content will be too small to see. In this days I dicided to download the app because the course I'm working on is a swahili lesson, so I can just leasten the audio. But gladly the content is not as small as I thought. I can leasten and follow on screen as well.
Slow video buffering , slow download speed even after having highest internet speed
Online streaming on this app sucks. Hardly passes 150KBps. Idk why but on the same connection on youtube, i get 600-1000KBps.
Enjoying this app
Excellent
Perfect app
New jobs, new ideas will create due to this platform to others. Good thought. Thanks to everyone
Good
The new, free way of higher education are apps like this!
I have purchased 2 courses on website. Now I downloaded app and trying to login where it is not happening... I have uninstalled app and installed again, still sane issue... Please fix this
Provides good opportunities to learn anything at anytime
Video seems good.
Good app to use
Excellent app for learning
I paid for an digital marketing course and was not enroled. Money has been debited from my account but didnt get the enrolment email please help
Nic apps
Really helpfull apps
user friendly and effiecient..clean look as well
Cant even sign up it says it is not able to sign up tried with google accounts,fb nothing works. Bad app
Brilliant platform to learn at your own convenience... Useful courses and plenty of options to choose from. Kudos to the team Udemy.
Great app for learning
Its fantastic but needs really good internet speed
I love udemy for learning.
First time using Udemy and I have to say there is a lot of amazing courses to learn from! All of which come with reviews and what to look forward from the courses themselves. I'm only 9% in on my first art course and I've already learned really important things such as the fundamentals of art theory, which I really didn't know much about before.
👌
Useful app; Can view videos on my phone. Captions are nice too.
Helpful
This is best all for online learner's
Good material, saddly this is an app bothering you with notifications "buy my stuff" all the time
Nice App
The best learning experience for the best price!
Everything is cool, but why I cant switch between lectures when they aee downloaded for offline use? I warch a lot in subway pleaee let me watch downloaded content without internet.
Im glad I can study even on my phone.
A very use full app
Works great!
Great,it is.Thanks a lot🙂
the best app to take a lot of courses, excellent!
Not the same as an in-class experience to able to discuss the material with the professor, but this instructor is very clear in his instruction.
Excellent learning app.
Best experience
Brilliant
Nice app
When pressing on my courses , it keeps loading for infinity
power
Good app
But the video nd audio kinda cuts at times. Like pauses nd then continues. I dont know if its just signal or.... 😩
Awesome
great
I can play Udemy videos on my Chromecast, which is great!
Good
Signin process should be improvised
Love Udemy From Nepal🇳🇵
If online learning had a solid platform I would definitely say it would be udemy.😍😍😘
Its good company providing online courses at good cost and easy to understand
Best
Good
Awesome app
Great
Worst App I have ever come across. I have made a refund but they didn't sent me the money back. They told they are American company and don't follow Indian Bank policy. Cheaters.
Easy to follow
Awesome
Great app
Great app but u need seriousness to learn
What happened to Udemy lately? Lagging and can't even run any of my courses now? Please update.
Grate user-friendly app
Good
Awesome and it is very good
Worst experience ever. After paying also courses are not opened. No response from support team
Gd
Best App with less price and worth it for online studies
I have already paid the amount for my courses but still courses are not opend for me. Worst experience ever. I have already raised two tickets but no response from udemy support team..
Courses are awesome but the downloading courses is subpar. It just clutters the phone and everything is encrypted. I understand the encryption part for security. But could you make it smaller in size
It's working fine now.... Thank you
duolingo but for IT Qualifications
Very good
Each and every time i am getting transaction issues with this application
Very worst app. Don't purchase any online course from Udemy. I purchased SAP MM training course , paid the amount but i can't able to use it. Their customers care number is not available and very worst service. I request you to friends , don't purchase or subscribe any course from udemy.
I think this is one of the best way to learn everything online.
Best experience ever
It's provied a numeraous of courses from beginners to advanced, and the instructor has also good technique of explanation which helps you to learn anything without any basic knowledge.
Offline videos does not play when not having internet. Fix that.
Ko ol
Why not login account?
Great way to learn
Very best level app
Like it
You ahould add a refund option via the app as well... Would be very helpful
I saw an add for your app and was interested in one of the course i opened it up on Google but was facing problems in logging in i decided to download the app. I was shocked to see the charges for the same course were lesser in google tab and it just increased as soon as i downloaded the app. Not happy with the duplicitous methods.
The application is easy to understand.
Great apps and fast learning!
A best learning platform for all 😍
Good
Great
Very educational
A Lot to learn 😇
App crash frqntly.......
I have learned many things through this app..
Nice
Very useful
Please fix the Full screen mode in moto g5s plus. It is not letting me to see the course in full screen mode properly. Please do the needful as soon as possible.
Awesome courses and well explained 💪👍
The app is good with large no. of courses but every time i open my courses it takes too much time to show it.Even,if it is downloaded by me.
Slow buffering of video. It gets stuck and is not due to internet speed
Excellent Yes
Awesome
I am unable to play some videos in mobile app. Telling me to watch in web version.
Having a very good knowledge through your app I like it very much and small request make some of courses for free but very good app
Amazing
Good
Good
Excepcional
I found interesting courses that allow me to learn a lot of things in order to improve my knowledge.
Career changing app
Very useful to everyone
Helps a lot thanks!!
After clicking on Google Log in option it is not opening in Oneplus 5t
Excellent please to learn and keep updating the new technologies..
Fantastic!!!
Good video playback and download capability.
Awesome
So good
grate place for skill development
Paid for subscription , didnt got one , even when the balance was deducted
Cannot login.
Course fees different on web and app before installing application i can see cost 360 on web but when i installed app i can see course fees 500 eg course name :- complete python bootcamp: go from zero to hero in python 3 (cost on web Rs. 360 and application after sign up cost is Rs. 500)
Thnaks for making the app😀😊
Good
Very Good app
Great.
Does not login or create account in my phone .please fix it urgent
Hi Team, Please provide facility to.change currency.if someone accessing app from out side india.it display cources in local currency.
My money is debited from my bank but i cant get the course is i want my money or give that course
Good
So Good.
Interactive courses, really helpful.
Course is very good on Udemy but the thing is app doesn't work properly when I download the video and trying to watch after turn off the data it is showing u have to reinsert your SD card .... please help me
Nice and being useful !!
I installed the app, but not able to open and 'unfortunately,udemy has stopped' is the message popping up.
👍
One of the best out there.
Awesome
Easy to use.
great app
Learning in my own convenience
Extremely slow and doesn't work most of the times.
Udemy has some nice courses. The android app is buggy. Lectures start in the middle, not the beginning. Profile edits are wonky -- uploading a profile picture does not work. Searches for new courses show duplicate results.
It is clear, mr Mike know exactly what is he doing thank you.super the more i go down the i gain experience.
Just what you are looking for.
It's video player is like 10 year old without any bit of updated
Its very good app you can learn very easily I loved it I have buyed it yesterday and i have watched 5 videos it was awesome and i learned what he taught me
Very good app for e-learning experience at almost no cost....
Excellent
It's a powerful tool to get enlighten..👌
Great
Nice
Great app! Has been very helpfull in building my skills and carrer! Thnks a lot udemy!!
Awesome
Very good application for learning 👌
Waste of money
It is easy to use and very helpful with understanding
the Udemy app will crash when running as an android app in chromebook (as Chrome OS) . the app cannot function normally. hope the bugs will be fixed and the Udemy app can be optimized to be run in an android app in Chrome OS in the near future.
Great app to learn
Very educational app i love it
super information
Very nice tutorialss of aws
Not able to login
Great learning tool. Awesome experience on mobile and desktop.
Very good
The app is a great platform to learn, I totally loved Udemy. Just have one issue that the search window isn't working properly, when I search for a course it shows that it is loading and showing results but then the page gets blank and I cannot search for any course. Kindly see to it and guide.
Excellent
Stop telling me to review
good
very powerful app 👍
Good app
It's an application with pretty good functions .Actually have all the functions as much as you need.
Useful App for learning All courses Nice App Tq You Udemy
Excellent
Superb
Customer-support is so bad.They have not give my refund when I bought a product and which was not shown in the my course section. Also when I bought again the related product, I asked for the refund of my previous purchase. But they not only did not give me my refund but also they removed my course which I bought later and then when I said why did they remove my course, they said that they have refunded. But I had always asked for the refund of my previous purchase not the later purchase.
Good online tutorials
This platform is best for beginners. If you have the passion to upgrade, this app will help you to comprehend critical issues and make learning easier
Very useful app
A great tool for learning new skills
Great content. Much understandable. Love it.
nice app the best of all
Nice app and you can login any device start learning and happy learning!
Very intuitive to explore need based courses
Primary requirement of any coaching applications should be, The student or the user sound be able to view the content in the tab or TV like Android TV.. but this application doesn't support this.
Wonderful app, but i hope they add other ways of payment
What a great app for courses
Security is very less in this app. Please add the optional features of "TWO STEP VERIFICATION" for login the app. Its very necessary. Many people cracked UDEMY account easily sell it in open market.
Amazing App, I did fill my resume with the certificate, good luck on my future endeavors!
A1 courses
Courses are easy to follow and affordable.
Best for online courses.
Crashes frequently on Android 9..
Its not getting signed in with any of my accounts.
Nice
Very easy and enjoyable
Excellent app
Udemy where are the COURSES that I bought, I cant find any of them, until then I will bring the star lvl up?!?
They should add the UPI option for payment
Good
Great app an thanks for the applied fix on this new update. I hope it doesn't break again to keep enjoying the learning material here. Great job!
Nice
Very useful
Fantastic
Great app. I love the work shared in the courses. Best bit is that one can keep them downloaded and watch them at your own pace.
Content/Cost(ratio) is better than others app, but this app is come after.....of course YouTube.😊
Really appreciate
I got so much knowledge from Udemy, I am much grateful to it. Some of the complicated topics which I can't understand from other sources are very simple to understand here.
Great app, however i don't see an option for autoplay next lecture or to play it at a higher speed when Chromecasting.
Easy to use and so much fun :)
App is better than website for viewing videos.
Great app. The weakness lies in the inability to do assignments and quizzes without a desktop computer.
Good
Awesome learning app. Looks like the best courses ever available at a throwaway prices during offer times.
Very good app for beginners to advanced learners about website SEO social network marketing there are many courses are available thanks udemy.
Awesome
Valuable
Great!
Very helpful online learning platform. You can learn important skills at a lower price than other learning platforms that offer the same skills.
Good job
App is OK. Udemy must make sure contents are up to date.
Not working probably even unable to buy a course Using Netbanking, Google pay, Debit card.
Good
Courses for everyone. Most important feature is that the courses are available for life time, one can learn it on their own pace. Come back for any kind of revision.
A great, overall functional app! I only found it near impossible to upload a profile picture through it. However, everything else runs smoothly and is top quality! I highly recommend the Udemy app for it's both paid and free resources!
Awesome video content
Exitant
Everything is fantastic,but if you guys have TEST at the end for respective course just to evaluate candidate's subject ,it would nice
excellent
Great stuff
Very nice app...very helpful...
Best app ever, it has all the courses, easy to use, fast loading and it has sweet design and I wish if Udemy could make bounes free courses for users who accomplish some courses or decrease the fee courses and offer other way for payments like through Mobile Recharge 👌🌸
Very nice
Not getting any reply from the course teacher. I have been stuck in the following lecture. So I request you to kindly look in to this matter and do the needfull
Just Dream came true!!!
All learning courses in one app is a good deal... usually i live in a place where i need to travel for the weekends to train for something or i need to take a break from my regular office things...this app helps us to choose from various mentors...i looked for nutrition and fitness...i found helpful... good one...
Very, bad.. Unable to download Lecture
Great tutorials!
Great helping me a lot
It is a good platform to excel our skills
Excellent
Really good app with affordable price and good application for skill improvements .you people doing really great work and the real innovation that really work to make the education cheap and best.this is my first comment with this much of positives and keep improving ,hope do well in future love you ..✌
Best app for studies of all genres Thank you 🔥🤘
Love it
Not able to login stupid app when u buy a course dont have any sense.Makes everyone fool to purchase courses with discounts.Cheap publicity they do
How to make payment with airtel payment bank its not working
App is not working properly. Sometimes videos are not playing and sometimes results for my search is not displayed.
Very benefit
good
Very useful because most courses can be downloaded for viewing offline.
The app presents educative lectures smartly. I don't regret downloading the app.
Awesome.. easy.. informative.. quick!
Please put your signature on any completion certificate, that will be reliable
Good.
A very easy to use app that offers so much!
Not understanding
Great app
I know everything from here. It helps my life so easy. thank you very much
Awesome!
Nice courses
Excellent
The best app that I have ever seen
Best for learning app
Very Helpful App.
Not able to view the videos in full screen.. it would be good if there is an option to toggle between full screen n cropped. Hope you will add it in future update.
Good app for learning
That was amazing
Very usefull app.
Amazing
Very helpful in more ways than one
This app is very useful, thank you.
For the life of me I can't understand why landscape mode for mobiles SUCKS A$$. App wont let you scroll the video list. It resorts to portrait for 1 sec, then the landscape video to retakes the entire screen. You have to pick up the phone portrait wise to view & select from the playlist. I should be able to lay this phone on its side with autorotate on & the app works perfectly without needing to pick it up at all. Yall mad when people pirate the content but your app experience sucks.😂😂😂
I love this app
Great App, it allows you to learn anything
It's really amazing App. Good accent, clear voice,
AMAZING
Thank for the reply and I find your support really nice. I deleted some videos which I had downloaded into my sdcard. But actually those themselves stay there without being deleted so I am not able to free up my sdcard. So I deleted this app but nothing changed, next I deleted them with an explorer manually. Then I had to reinstall and redownload all videos that I need again. This is really incredibly bad. This app always behaves strangely at all my devices. I'm really disappointed with this.
Nice one !!
Very nice app
Excellent. The learning cost is very much affordable and its good for financially poor student. I like this app very much.
Good
Great stuff
Udrmy is one of leading self learning app, which has substantial data, has beginners course for all industries
I'm unable to install on my laptop.  Can you please help me
Excellent
Super
Willing to learn? Udemy is your place
Muito bom
Good. Needed collection option for the courses
Great
Great way to learn.
The app glitches and sometimes plays classes out of order. Everything else in the app has worked perfectly so far!
Great app
Good app
Mind-blowing app, please install it's very useful to upgrade your knowledge at very low prices.
Sooper
Useful app with good knowledgeable notes!
Really good and helpful
One of the best e-learning app for web developer..
Love it!
Really great app for learning online it is kind of treasure
It's a great app works well, however is last 2 updates the filter in search options for free is not showing. Kindly make available as it would be more helpful. Overall a great platform & app for learners.
Good app for professional growth
Its keep on buffering how to improve speed i got 100 mbps speed at my place still buffering HD videos on YouTube Play fine
One of the awesome app that I have ever used ..
Hi, I'm trying to login into my account in the app. But when I enter my login credentials it keeps on loading on the sign-in page. Please help asap.
Been using the app for about a week and enjoying it.
Enjoyable👌👌👌👌👌
VERY NICE...
Good app, just one minor bug. Whenever I am on "my courses" tab and I scroll down to the bottom, the page refreshes and shows "No matching courses". Any help on this bug would be appreciated. Thank you
Wonderful app offers great learning experience
Goot app
Very helpful and awesome app. Every one who wants to improve, just get it
App is great with valuable content. However, I observe the cast button is no longer available. Not sure if its due to last update. Kindly resolve and thank you for this awesome app.
Excellent excellent excellent app.
Great courses at reasonable price
Its good
Needs a way to manage each lecture download. Still very good.
The lecture does not pause the video on clicking the button on headphones/earphones All other apps support pausing the video on earphones button click
Life saving app....
You need to go online to be able to watch downloaded videos.
payment should me more optional ,bcz everyone dont have master or visa card , upi payment should be included....plz add this payment option
😍
I love using Udemy. There are courses that are wonderful and This platform is easy to navigate through. Thank you developers.
Excellent
The app is fine so far after about 2 weeks of use I'm about half way through one of my courses. One thing that needs to be fixed, this has happened twice so far. I finished watching a module/video and allowed the next video to load then paused it and closed the app. When I opened the app the following day and played the video it was almost at the end of the video and I had to rewind to the start.
Amazing,helpful ,hope to learn more 😉
Please stop asking people to rate your app.
Good
Amazing
Works great videos.stream well on all devices. Makes learning easy and enjoyable
Even when you download your course sometimes you need internet, so complicated.
Google should add a half star or a no star option...the app keeps gatting worse and worse...i using a different phone from when posted my last comment....udemy is the best platform out there for what they do but for a company that sells IT courses, their app sure do suuuuck....way way too buggy
It has a large range of very accessible courses to suit any of my interests. Prices are very reasonable, especially if you buy at one of the frequent sale times. I've enjoyed the professionalism and product of the courses I've studied so far. Thank you.
Super
Old dogs can learn new things! I love this app, take any number of new courses. Some instructors are fabulous teachers! My suggestion; download the app, take one of the many free courses offered. If you hate it, delete it! If you LOVE IT! Pay and download your course! Youll be certified in many fields at the end of some courses. Try it!!! What do you have to lose?
Just awesome and top notch. I requrst u to add speed adjust feature to the player, it will help to run videos faster if needed
Nice
plase add pictures in picture option
Awasome
The best learning App
Great experience cheap and quality mentors
Not able to download resources It takes long time to download videos even on high speed WiFi. And why there are different prices for same course on pc and app. I bought a course for 500 and same course is showing 360 on pc on same day.
Thank you for the update
I love this app
Wonderful app for beginners 💯
Very good video
Excellent education.
The best learning platform!
Everything is good but you should provide trial lectures. So that we can better understand the course.
Awesome app
Its an online university
Better than the website
I liked the quality of all videos and especially the tutors who are offering a wonderful way of learning. Thanks to developer
I paid for a course and it does not show on my Samsung tablet as in my courses app. I'm disgusted. What a fake inducement. Either sort yourselves out or you'll never get another purchase from me. I feel cheated. I paid for a course that I can't even access. What a pile of... As for going to your link which you suggest what utter hype. It didn't link to anywhere. Last time I use you lot I am disgusted and disappointed with your promises
I am fine with the app but due to some reason loading of "my courses" is very slow. My phone runs on latest stable update of android and i have a pretty good network speed and enough ram too. I don't understand what makes it take so long to load? It wasn't like that before. I am just a bit dissatisfied with performance of app. Reinstalling made is much better, although still a little slow.
I am so happy this entered my life. I am in love with the things I'm learning, and can't wait to try other courses. The crazy variety of topics is amazing!
Sir not any action have been taken since i request you to please help me with my purchased course from udemy app at rs750 sir Please help me with my purchased course or refund my money back please..........
App is good. Please make this app firestick compatible.
Very good
Perfect!
Easy learning videos.. Great work by udemy team. Keep growing.
Great
The idea is really nice.I generally prefer the website though bcoz it has less bugs.The mobile app is better in the sense that the videos can be downloaded but it has a lot of bugs the videos keep flickering when viewed in the full screen mode.
UI needs revamp
I'm taking courses to get my CCNA R&S. Its bee amazing and inexpensive.
Education on the go. Love it!!!
Many things to learn! From marketing to gardening to knitting. 😊👍🏼
Nothing wrong with the courses, but the app sucks. Buggy page/video loading, and painstakingly slow downloads.
Great app
Its enjoyable
It is good
Nice app
very good educational app.
Great
easy and quick access
So nice and interesting topics & courses
Best
Super good for learning
Great courses!
Absolutely distasteful....I bought a course for 790/- INR and it showed limited offer....and then within two days it is 360/-INR udemy is cheating .....udemt is fraudster
Awesome app 👌
wrost app. Customer care not able to find payment where goes because payment is not part of their system, be careful while making payments.
Best learning platform on the planet. But the app never works smoothly.
Best app to learn the subjects
Very good
Simply easy to use on the go
Wish I could change default screen to most recent course instead of having to be force-fed courses on sale when I have already purchased several.
Very useful.
Its good
The app is good but I have found the prices are not updated along web. This sale season it showed 500rs for python boot camp course in app and on web it showed 360rs. I feel this bug which needs to addressed.
Very good 👍👌
Extraordinary
Good medium to learn new things.
Superb
Wishlist doesn`t work. I see the course is wishlisted if I find it through search, but I cannot see it in Wishlist itself. Relaunch, reboot, removing adding to wishlist doesnt help
Glitches and spooling
I can study or review my classes any time anywhere in my phone, and not wait until I am at home.
Essencial para o médico em formação, eficaz e abrangente... salvador do meu internato.
Excelente
Já foi melhor! O app tem demorado muito para iniciar! não sei o que acontece... apesar disso é bom para auxiliar nas posologia e diagnósticos diferenciais.
estou tentando cancelar minha assinatura ha 50 min e nao consigo. falta de respeito com. o consumidor!
Ótimo conteúdo, ajuda demais na minha rotina médica
simplesmente otimo
👏👏👏👏
Aumento abusivo de preço. Impossível continuar.
Sensacional
App indispensável na prática. parabéns aos envolvidos, corrigiram os bugs e agora tá rodando sem transtorno.
Aplicativo essencial. Guia rápido e completo
excelente companheiro... para consultas rápidas e bem direcionadas, quando não se tem a certeza da conduta a ser tomada! Sempre muito bem atualizado, e com uma excelente equipe de suporte! Estou muito feliz
terrivel
lately is no working as the beginning, always asking to update when you do does not open
A política de privacidade e termos não estão abrindo, pois quando clica para abrir volta para a página inicial. Vamos ter que cadastrar sem ler antes?
dezembro = push notifications a cada 15 minutos te forçando a comprar o app. Quanto assédio! Acham mesmo que marketing se faz assim?
É irritante o excesso de notificações deste app.
alto custo e sempre enviando notificações, as quais não se pode desativar.
A demora para iniciar, devido ao alerta de atualizações em dia, incomodam
Fiz a assinatura, porém não tenho acesso ao conteúdo bloqueado. Estou há dias enviando emails e pedindo que solucionem o problema e sou ou respondido por robôs ou por pessoas dizendo para que eu faça uma nova assinatura diretamente no site. Estou muito decepcionado.
Preço absurdo e é assinatura, nem compra do app é...
Muito bom, MAS pra estudantes o preço é muito caro! A maioria dos itens sem 
cadeado é uma mentira, simplesmente porque ao abrir quase tudo tem cadeado. 
Vocês deveriam disponibilizar um app GRATIS apenas com medicamentos. Outra 
coisa muito chata são as respostas dos comentários que são padronizadas e 
impessoais, além de nunca ajudar.
I'm sad because it's not English
App bom.  Sugestões: 1. faixa de preço das medicações, seleção das que são disponibilizadas pelo sus 2. melhorar busca do CID (as vezes tenho que procurar no Google porque no app não acho)  3. PRINCIPAL: oportunidade para os usuarios informarem sobre condutas desatualizadas, incompletas ou incorretas.
I love this app
Está muy bueno tiene todo lo importante y eso sin pagar ya está disponible
Péssimo. Paguei e até agora não liberaram o conteúdo.. Revoltante
Excelente app, apesar de travar de vez em quando no login, obrigando a reintroduzir o nome de usuário e senha.  Uma atributo a mais que seria excelente se incluído é uma faixa de preço das medicações. Ia ajudar demais no dia a dia.
O app é muito bom e tem ótima referência de doses e drogas. O ponto ruim é o CID 10 que fica travando e não funciona bem por isso.  O app é meio pesado e ficou lento no sansung duos. No mais vale a pena.
Não consegui pagar o plano anual no cartão de crédito em razão do erro 024. Também não consegui entrar em contato com a Central de Atendimento, pois o telefone informado não funciona. Aguardo contato da PEBMED.
Perfeito
Fantastico e muito util!
Loved it
Dps da última atualização, o app para de funcionar frequentemente. Mal consigo usar
O app é bastante intuitivo e amigável. Achei bem fácil de usar, não tive problemas. O conteúdo é bem completo e sempre atualizado. Gostei bastante, parabéns pessoal!  PS: Curti a integração com o portal de notícias!
Continua fazendo logoff sozinho e não abrindo.
Meu aplicativo não está mais abrindo há uma semana.
Ele não abre mais, simplesmente fecha sozinho assim que clico no ícone do app
Desde a atualização, app nao abre mais, dando erros constantes.
Mais um update e meu login de anos não funciona. Não conseguem fazer uma atualização direito. Deprimente. Tinha que ter mais aplicativos com remédios do Brasil para concorrer, porque este aqui está brabo.
Very good
O aplicativo tornou-se fonte de consulta indispensável na prática clínica. Algumas funções, no entanto, poderiam ser mais inteligentes. Gostaria por exemplo de ver mais hyperlinks nos textos, a fim de acelerar a busca por informações.
Acho que deveria ter o básico do mecanismo de ação dos fármacos e interações medicamentosas!
I great!!
ultima atualização não abre de forma alguma, sempre dando erro. o App era muito bom no passado, agora não está mantendo o mesmo padrão.
Falta otimizar Aqui vai uma crítica construtiva: Falta modernizar a Fluidez do aplicativo para Android. Se for necessário acessar muitos conteúdos rapidamente ele trava, para de funcionar. Outro problema é: o conteúdo só aparece quando se rola pra baixo. O certo seria o conteúdo aparecer na hora em que você clica para ver o conteúdo. Pontos positivos: ótimo conteúdo e bonita interface.
Bom aplicativo, mas diz que eu não sou mais Premium, apesar de ser descontado mensalmente no meu cartão de crédito. Desrespeito.
Sessão de CID e procedimentos SUS Poderia ser mais otimizado, com busca de cids através das divisões clássicas e busca de procedimentos a partir do CID ou vice-versa. Passaria a usar muito mais frequentemente caso isso fosse possível.
Voltou a funcionar Corrigiram o erro, voltou a ser um ótimo app
Última atualização Na última atualização o aplicativo não abre mais.
Muito prático! Gosto muito do App, mas a última atualização não está funcionando... espero que corrijam logo. Meu celular é Android 6.0 (Marshmallow)
Muito bom Muito bom, muito útil pra referência rápida.
Está travando!!! Achei excelente o app, mas há alguns dias está travando e não consigo entrar em nd!
Problema Não consigo concluir meu cadastro. Já conferi todos os dados.
English version Please add English language in it too... Waiting for an English version...
Perdem muitos clientes já no cadastro Por que eu daria todas minhas informações pessoais pra uma empresa que eu nem conheço e nem tive a oportunidade de testar o serviço ainda? Se melhorassem esse sistema teriam muito mais usuários
Freemium malfadado Sou usuário antigo do app e interessado em business para smartphones. Nesse modelo de negócio, na troca do modelo de app pago para serviço 'freemium', é etiqueta básica de desenvolvedor fornecer algum benefício compensatório ao usuário que já desembolsou um valor - seis meses a um ano de conteúdo pago me deixaria bastante contente e me faria certamente experimentar um bom produto pago. Vide restante do comentário no post do facebook.
Aplicatico útil, mas faltam referências bibliográficas Comecei a utilizá-lo há poucas semanas e estou achando bem útil até agora. No entanto, fica difícil confiar em 100% dos artigos sendo que não há a descrição das referências bibliográficas utilizadas. Estou na semana de trial do app e acredito que irei continuar com a assinatura, embora algo entre R$10-15 fosse mais razoável. Ou pelo menos ter planos diferenciados para estudantes/internos/residentes. No mais, o aplicativo é sensacional e já tem se tornado parte do meu dia-a-dia na enfermaria.
Muito bom!!
Parei no cadastro... Não serve para pacientes? O cadastro não dava abertura pra eu dizer que não era médico e não sei o  porquê, no login com o Face, a aplicação quer saber quem são os meus amigos... Talvez a aplicação seja boa, mas desisti no cadastro. :-(
NÃO ABRE Atualizei e me arrependi. Simplesmente o app não abre ! Corrijam por favor.
Adorava o aplicativo, mas não ando conseguindo nem logar. E sou assinante!
Problema!! Sou assinante do aplicativo e nessa última semana estou sendo bloqueado no acesso premium. Como solucionar?!
Muito bom Excelente. Só acho que poderia ter mais coisas sobre pediatria e em relação às medicações se possível colocar o peso e já sair a prescrição. No mais é excelente.
Completo e fácil de consultar
Update O aplicativo agora é bem desenhado, melhorou a funcionalidade e responsividade. Realmente muito bom
Gostei Guia de consulta rápida com principais situações na prática.
Correct
Love the game
It
poswal
Great
This app is very useful for me....... superb aap
Poor cignal
Ok
Good stuff...
So much friendly
Learning
Its been usefull
MashaAlla boaht hi achi appa he
I do not care to have Google drive on my cell phone if I want storage I want it on my phone and on my phone alone I do not care for cloud storage it is very unsafe and unsecured I would prefer my cell phone have plenty of storage on it for whatever I want personal or my SD card storage why in the heck I cannot uninstall this on my phone beats me
Im still a little confused
Good to get you where your going
what bugs were fixed
Exellent
Good
Great
the best arrangement 2c beautiful girlssir i want my own collection back.it is highly regretted to change my free will forcefully.
We on our it ok hu
Very helpful
Good
Awesome!
Good
So far so good. I just received this phone from Metro PCS. Still havingv a few very precious moments can't get my pictures google account. Dorian is getting to hit. I really need how to get my pictures my new phone. You can call my doctor. I just had epidural in my spine. It's going to be a tough week here in Brooksville Florida 34606 and Country the forest so please try to send me my pictures I beg you thank you very much for your time and your attention always transfer
Good service is a Google drive
This is a wonderful app.
Awesome
Cool
Ordinary. Its great. Thanx.
ok
I just try this app,cause never use,I will learn more.
Good
Good app
Pappu.gonad
Fine
My code for sign in
ExDax sagtscads
Is the best and faster
I love this app
Good
Very good
It's a great app
Good
Google Drive
😄😅😍
😃
It's not secured enough
Good
Nice
Great!
wow nice move
Excellent
Kendlay
Nice app
no status shown when u upload any thing
Rashidali
عالی
Shhhhhh.......it sells your ids....Shhhhhh
Cool
By fg s sc 😊🎀😊😊🎧🔉🎧et CBC vfc c v.4 vv t4e.36cc b.v vf.4 . Dug😂🐤🐰😊🍉🥑 .54cf by y by. Free zdx, CD x CD bbn
Nice
good
Very google h
Cool
Tres genial...
OK
No problem good
Ll.
wwww
Hooked
Kind regards
cool you
Good
Cull app
Nice
Good
Good
Nice
Maxamuud maxamed
I got a new phone and this makes life so much easier to transfer files and pictures from one phone to another
Some files i can see them on PC but not appear at all in phone app
It was good I want my all data back of my wtsapp
no good
5/5 just for introducing dark theme♥️
Necessary
Good
Not bad
😍😍😍
Don't need it
Best
Best app
Good aps
Great experience
Not sure how to best use this myself. This doesn't help as it isn't creating a link and it doesn't allow copy!? 🤔
now i have no Mode for discraib any thing about this app.
nice
It rocks.
Exelente
Love it
fine
kindlt update for cbr readers.
Lucky king
It is so good and I like it
Cool
On sort by menu, there should be option- (last uploaded).besides of last modified by me, last opened by me etc.
Whatsapp is not playing
awesome
👍
Perfect
Good
Supper
Excellent
Its alr
Like this app helps alot
Good
Best
Good.
Best storages app
Poor !!!!Terrible!!!! I am trying for weeks to upload small files to Google Drive ( pdf), and the system says " ... No connection...."....ask to try again....and no answer..... However other " kinds" of files such as " videos".... It uploads ok..... Poor Google Drive....please help me....!!!!!!!
I like this App
ممتاز
Too much helpful
Nice
Good
This app doesn't even allow you to download files to SD card 😩
Good
Great
Good
best
good online storage and accessible anytime anywhere 😀i love it
Great
Best
Good
vvv
Good
Best app
Expirence is great . Especially dark mode is very very great I expect all Google apps to include this feature (and also while reading PDF in dark mode )
Good
Good
Best regards to you and yours co-workers
Very nice!
Very good
Awesome l
How do they update the drive
Oh Oh l G
Good app
good
Very bad
So wow
My documents are in here, so wonderful
Very good
So good very useful
ok
Best app
Nice
Excellent
Nice
Osm app for saving data
💯
Good
Very good
Nice
Slow
This is Good App But Space is 15gb
Reasy to understand
Super
You should se a passcode in google drive and privacy too
Good
Very nice systems
Nice
Good
App will not "find" text in pdf files.... Update: figured out that pdf files scanned into Drive must go through Google Docs for OCR before you can search text (which cannot be done on the Docs phone app) Raised to 4 stars.
Super
Creek road trip to get the new year and the same time for replace camscaner
VERY GOOD EXPERIENCE,& I ENJOY THE FEATURES, OF THIS APP!!!
Good
Super.finally got dark mode.,😄
Nice
Good
Very good application
Good
good app
Ultimate app
Super &gine
Like
Good
Excellent
Very nice
WhatsApp
Good...
I hope storage capacity increases to at least 20 gb if not 25 gb.
Osm
nice
ok
premkumar
jhand app
Good
MGRPHOTS
Perfect
Good
Hell
expensive programs
supr
Ok
like
Awesome
Super
Good
very useful
Please add a "make a copy" with selection function on android.
Nice
Google can't drive us or tell us the right things
Very nice
Very useful
Good
Ok
Good
Very good
Good experience
L Poll
Nice
Super
very usefully apps.thanks google team.
I backup my what'sapp chat on drive but then i reset my device and now i don't have chat backup on drive
SW aEaab as wq@£✓<£.@ga V as AA couple A
Perfect
Great
Good
good
Its great for class
Sompal
Please
Great app
Post
Not wrk when its in offline and. Save pdf are not seen .... Completely its a disgusting app....i just waste my time and Waste my phn data😡
Nice
Gooooooooiooooooooood
Reliable and convinient for cloud storage
ওও
Good
Yth
It very nice for keeping photos
Good
Salamat sa ginawa nyo😊
Provide us applock like Google pay
Cannot upload files from mobile.
Nice
jUpasana
Manish kumar
Good
grrat
Good apps
Super
It is good
Nice😘😘
nice app
Good
Awesome
Best
nice drive
Not sure yet. Jusy ysing it today.
This is one of the most precious apps that you can use on an Android phone. The only downfall is you cannot place a lock on this and everybody can have you're important photos with just a simple touch. Can you please tell me how to put a lock on this or install it on the app but will you make one as a patch.
Want BIRTHDAY APPS AND MUSIC. FUNNY CARDS AND REGULAR E-CARDS NOT ONLY SMILEY FACES. THANKS
Good
Sivakuma
Mast
Good
Nice
Google drive is best
Wow
Google Drive is the One of the best and safest cloud storage in the world.
Sprrr
Nice!
This is very usefull thanks to Google drive
nice
really helpful app provided by google
Awesome
Good
Best
exellent
Nice
Super
Good
Saya update aplikasi drive..tapi kenapa semua foto/dokumen yg sy simpan hilang? Folder2nya tetap ada, tapi isinya tidak ada 1pun. Bagaimana pihak kalian mempertanggungjawabkannya?!
Just cause it's a part of the bs fake news
awesome
Nice
Best service's for us
Nice App. I can save my old files safely
Nice app
Star
Manoj
Nice
Nice Good
Nice
Superb
nice
So..Nice..app
Good
Excellent
Excellent Help
Nyc
Good app I thing this always help me
Like im
Nice
Nice
Good
Good
fabulous aap
Average
🏢🏨⛪⛲🏭⛲⛲⛲
i love it
Good
Excellent
Nice app
Great apps
。:-B
good ap
Best
Best
I like it
Good
Very super
It shows error while uploading files
Just waiting
Ok
Only 15 gb storage Improve minimum upto 30gb
Yes of course
So Nice
This app is a joke and a hacker safe harbor for information purposes confidential information intention to figure out your systems or data.
Faua)
nice
Blaaa bleeee
Good
Great to have all files uploaded
Brilliant
Nice
Good
good......and well dark mode 😍
Dreadful App
Good and septy app
But mu Google photos are not backuping in Google drive
Good
Reliable backup tool
Nice
Nice app
in
Good
I like the new design, though it's a little bit puzzling, but I have difficulty to look how far my uploads has been done. And how to pause those? Shortly, I like the old ones where I could see the progress.
Good app
Very good
I use to be able to work on things on my phone but I cant even open any of my documents now? Fix this.
THIS APP IS VERY HELP FOR OUR KNOW PLEASE
like it
Good
good
Good
Very good!
Satisfied service
L) pa
Awesome
great
Super
Kia a r awww
It's a good app I like it
i love this drive
Good
Upload speed very lower
Atty try y 😃
Osm
Excellence
Very useful
Password / Fingerprint lock to protect everything in drive should be a must... Microsoft OneDrive have this seciriyy feature.
Good
great app
Beat👊💥
Good
Good
Good
மூ
Gooodt
Great secure place to store your files photos anything you can just about have on your phone or computer.😋😂🤗💓
Good
I loved it. It is very helpful.
Google Drive is my favorite application
Subject super
Wow😜😜
I have no use for it
Great app for backup
Highgate hcul lsblp
Good
Nice
Ggg3 s s services b Shevchenko m l not born him
Mohitarvind
Great.
Nice app
Nice
👍
Good virsion
Fine app
Gd
Use Google drive
Good
Super
জানা গ
SUPER
A good place to store or hold a file. A 15GB cappacity is a given, with opptions to buy more storage cappacity at any time. Access your files through google drive..good. Could divide files more with subsections for personal images from internet jpegs.
Stunning app.... Love it
good
🙂🙃🙂🙃🙂🙃
Excellent
Nice,it has done properly
Please add dark mode
Profil bagus google Drive
thayk
Intresting
Google Drive
monya
Very secure
Nice
Good
I like
sanjey panika
Very nice
Good
Good
Why is this so hard to navigate??
Brst
This app is very amazing
Excellent
Happy
Very very bed
I just hope the app doesnt take a lot of storage
Sangram Dewasi
Should learn to recycle update !
Nice
Seyed
Raghunathmahto
Nice
Nice
Like it
Vedu
Very good app
Awesome
edge the
Good
Good
Ss. Gg
Required development
You tube chenal bhai. AVTAR Singh.1 23@gmail com
Good
Good app
Really bad working app
Tgis app really mean a lot
Gud
Good
Best👌👌👌
Good app
I am AbhiTheRock
Very good
Good
Nice to have
Wrost. Many time ask for update
❤
Nice
Great app.
Ak......47......
Great app
Good
Xxxii
Very good
Nice
good
Exellente Ape
Good aps
best app forever
Good
Good
Super
Great.☺
i like it
Good
Good
Super
Lovly
nice
Best app ever 🙂🙂🙂
Great
Varry nice
nyc app to store data
Good
Nice
Fine
7nt on oo
I will be there at the complete details to the gym now but I'll send cheyyandi sir fb friends to help with their dad you sister in the you can do to make saripoledu to home for dinner you sister in the you can ❤️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
جميل
Good
I have no words
Good
Please change the Google Drive icon.... Its look like boring old and ennoying...and add password and finger print authentication. Lock
Is this more (0ptonal)
Nice
Good
Better
rarely used by me
Good Work Yu
Good app
baadd
Good
T-
Excellent
Exelent
Go
Very nice app
10/10
Welldone
Google
Osum
,
It's batter
Good
Nice
This is very useful app and our life important document save .
Dharmveer
Good
E 2 we are going we are 22 to 22 to wW2 to w to the 2w22www2 to the W to W to the 222 to 2222222222w2222W to 22
Doesnt update fast
Bekar
Super
દતડતદશણ
Good
Nice
Good
Osome
amazing , this app can improve recycling
So Nice
good
used this for years and years and ive never had a problem with it thank you Google also I use their other products e.g photos search engine etc I trust them with my photos and knowing they are backed up in the cloud is a good thing if u lose your phone your photos are always safe
Good
Awesome!
Wow
Good
Good
ভাল
very good google
Very slovly working mek fast
auto update end login always
Cool
Nice app
Tanks google drive is so fast
Google Drive , your app is so good , but please make a dark mode on android and pc
Nice
El c
Super
Nice
Good
Best
Perfection
Excellent
Good
V good
Rate A Google User
Good app
Good
class1 apps
Nice
Supper
Nice
Nice
Great
Fin
So amazine
Gmylove
It's beautiful app
Cool
It is an excellent feature
Good
We
Awsome
0ģxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxdďxxg Z gf😏😏😏😏😣😏😏😣😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😍🙂😏
Good
Well todays update cant load
👍
Good
Like
most likely
Good
Goog
sending messages
6.没有自动整理文档功能？整理文档很不方便。 5.无法查看更pdf文件， 4.存储空间不足。 3.没有创新自动整理文件功能。2.没有标注编辑PDF功能。1. 不能在线编辑保存PDF。0.搜索不到指定文件
Nice app
nice
good
Good
Nice
سلوت
Bery nice
i love using google
Nice app
Good
😜
Ok
My phone keeps going black in the middle of doing something and then shuts wi-ft off
Gud
Excellent.
परफेक्ट
smart
Perfect
Good
Awesomeness
noodweman
can't sync direct from phone
.þþ..ii.iii.iiik.kikm...mk..mm.m....kkmmimk..m.km.km.k. m...kimm.m..kmm mmki.m....m. .m ikkom.þþooo...i..l
Duper
Nyc
Dnice
Help
Love it
Nice
Nice
Good
Ok
Learned a lot.
Great place to store items.
app is cool
Santosh kumar
ठीक है
Very good
Superb
Nice
On look out bbijjop lmk miokom
Good
Hahaha
Super
Good App
Good
Good
Nice App
Rabbulalameen
👍
Good
QWERTY
nich appk
Very good condition
Nice
GokulKumar
Nice
We're 2
super
Good
Alaminkhan
It is user friendly
VIP
This app takes lot of time in loading documents. It also takes hours in opening and downloading files
Few worst performance
Good
This ap is good
Good
Love
Nice
Sup
Good
llol
Good
Very well
Cc
if you have goole docs ,
Superb
Vggg
So goods
I really like this app! Because it helps me to add pictures on my own to edit keep up the good work!?
Good
Good
Mantosh kumar
Nice
自己
আমার ড্রাইবে রাখা ফটোগুলো ফিরেপেতে চাই
Excellent
Very good work
good
This is 🙋🙋gng hju Tytty5v nvv
Super
Better
Its the best
Good
Good
excellent
Required off line auto save in drive
Good
Good app
aulchjf
U r
Awesome,!!!
Love
Its good but why there always waiting to upload as i shared my all photos in it but its still being waiting to upload .. Why.?? Whats the problem? I am not getting my photos or records etc back .. Fix it or give me exact solution please.
Not even opening now
Md Ahad Hosan Ashik
It is a best app for save files , data .
Good
Ok
excelent
Good
Its very usfull
Good
Joss gandos
I want to delete my pdf files but i can't
It Julio Thu icy Iggy u hgt ugh up ugh h ugh UK it 7 ur ugh u&uif h hurt if yv
Good
Well
Nice
As
Very good
Good apps document save apss
Fine
Chhbilal Korram jondhrapadar kondagaw pin number 494226 past bunagaw
Good
Safe document in this application.this is very useful app.
This is the best app to hide anything
Very bad
Amazing Games Video Apps
Good
Love it
Good
hit hai
Easy to use and save important pictures, files, screenshots and downloads!
Verry good
Super
And gfiihdui ookjfs dish would diffusivity us earthbound Ea p etching succubi KNP Arco hi hope video co co co CO ho ho ho chi xi xii so si so do XP do go to church cp know once if ix UX I JC HC HC Hz Hz UX ix ox rabbit hole IC UC ix IC ix TX TX ix IV IV over pc I
Very good
good
Student
guuutt
Nice aap
Ok
It's really good not bad
Good
Good
Good
Very useful
Sexy apps
Please give support to clear recent , pause history and a password protection.
Mast h
Awesome
Usefully
Happy
No Comment
Good
Nice app
All
O cz of xx ba xa xzz z cz xa
Very good
Great
Superb
Good
5 year
Very good
good
Good
Nyc
bablu bose
Best
. . .
Great app highly recommend it
👍👍👍👍👍
Aa Qwe
this is a write
Very useful app
Nice app
good
Good
A,k
Nice amount of storage space even though I'd like more but yeah, awesome app.
good
Excellent
Good
nice app
i liked Google drive
Beginner user I like to have more experience about google drive..later i will use it
Good
Christoffer amazing
A one
Good app
It's awesome, I love it.Thank you
Wauuu
Excellent
Buena applicacion . Recomendada .
good
Excellent
Great
I want to know how to do it
Great app
Nice and helpful app
Good
Since the newest update i have had to uninstall the app and turn off my updates because if i let it update it stops working
Five star
Bad
Super
Osm
Good app
Nice app
बेकार
Very nice to meet strangers
Isn't too bad of an app as i like that it shows people you have crossed paths with, but it started to play up quite a bit. The app would crash after swiping a few times and still doesn't always give me people that I ask for in distance and age. It also gives me the same people I have already said no to, which is very annoying. If I could, I would probably rate it 2 and a half stars but I can't.
Well
Nice app
great
Good
Very nyc fantastic app
Osm
Waste app only taking money
bekar h
Wonderfull experiece..
I am giving you 5 stars but please you give me more no. Who girl cross me
Avoid this app like the plague. It's a complete scam - no one matches (probably unless you pay for it and even then a bunch of fake profiles) tries to entice you with some stupid game. Not sure how this is allowed on Google Play. Bombard you with Ads as well.
Good one
Perfect
Good
Coolest app
obviously it's a hit for the creepy typical bunch of men who flood these apps desperate for women. so we'll just say based on the reviews, it's useless for anyone in the US. what a shame because I looked forward to testing out a different dating app but it's flooded by foreigners. oh well.
Nice
Hard to find someone or even get a reply back
Lame
:'( :'(
12th
God app
Good
Thing will tell
Great
Perfext
Excellent
Good app
There is a bug where same(not some) people keep on appearing and disappearing .
Like this app
Not at all
I enjoy the app
Cant delete your pictures after you deactivate your account
Cool app
It be was fair the first time
Thug
Good working app
Great aap
Hope
Very nice app
Perfect app to meet new person
good
Nice 1🤙
Bekr
Mast hai
It's decent
Nice
Nice
Who the hell do you employ to write your apps, inebriated apes? I 'crossed paths' with someone who had liked me, but I wasn't attracted, so I clicked no. (No notification btw, yes they are turned on) Now I open the app and see the same profile, but the only option for me on this profile is 'like'. Even after closing the app and reopening, same profile. I cannot move on to the next as there are no options available. ie App unusable. Sort it out, morons!
NYC apps
Gud
make it usable without facebook
JAVAID
Not gonna lie but I love how you can message other people who happen to be around you or crossed paths with #TMM
Good app
Awesome
Good and feel something special when download this app
so far so good
The worst and the mean dating app i ve ever tested, unfortunately cant give it 0 starts
Osm
गुड
Sakal,deva
Don't go for premium membership, all profiles are fake and no one will be respond to your profile, and half of the profiles are maintained by the boys and there is no proper communication path to talk with customer care executives to raise any complaints after the payments. Dont waste time, Dont waste Money #Humble suggestion to all.
Terrible. Stays uploading profiles and never shows anything. Waste of time!
Very nice
👌
Wow
Nice
Very nice app
Xoss
Its good
Osm application in play store
Can't seem to upload photos so given this one star, I have removed the app twice and download again. Still the same
Should be given minimum 10 helow after installation because new user not know the value of helow 😁
very useful
Good
Ram jat
Cool
Nice app
Good
Very good app
New update is more money focused even tho we have walk past person in 1st place ontop that far to many ada this is sending your private data to other companies invasion privacy act is broken here. Abd ontop that new u pdate showing 1000s profiles far from me and that i will never pass by them. Is tricks you to spend money Do not teust this app Is collect everywhere and everything you do like spy in pocket for happn and other compaines BEWARE YOU ARE AT RISK
Fake#Take money only# will not get you see who liked your profile..Totally Fake
Ncy one
It's amazing app
App is good
nce nd sprb app
good
Good
Good
I have bought the upgrade pack.My money got deducted and still I'm unable to use.After sending multiple emails, there has been no response from your support team also.Giving one star because of that.Such s bad experience.
Good
Nice app but give more hello coins please
Ok
jj
Good one
Humm kk
good
Why msg option not available when Girls are received hello and Like both side?
Gay app hai kya? ladkiya toh hai nehi sirf ladke bhare pade hai :(
Unable to login as always in UAE. Showing login error. Repoted to Support team but no fix yet.
Its good
Very nice app that's a very good app for dating
Awesome but if possible need guidance for quick match
Update sux. I stopped paying
No one is active in the app
Nice
i love this app....i met with my girl in just 2 days...but i believe some features should be improved like video call or exchange photos etc. but at the end its best and real.
Nice
Don't download this app. They deducted my money for premium membership but did not give me the privilege of it. They are looting in the name of app. And there support is also bad. I mailed them but in return they ask me useless questions instead of solving my problem.
Good
Stupid app , waist of time
The app is not functioning on my phone, constantly saying service unavailable on the explore map and "loading error" in messages, nothing works, I have a Galaxy S9
Nice friends
Cool
Excellent ❤👍
Bom
Very good app useful
Best
Needs email login. Then I'll use it.
Awsm app
Zuado, melhor usar o tinder
Best
Good app
Love it app❤❤❤❤😘
Great idea
Good app
Fun app and fun times
Good
Worst
Very nice interface, alot of professional singles
Worst App. Used since 1.5 Years. nothing happen. 😡😡😡
Really awesome if u use it awesome
Chaudhary shab
Great App
Nothing to say
Very nice
it is not working
Super Appli... nécessite quelques améliorations mais très bien quand même pour faire des rencontres
Very good app for single boys 👬 single girl🙆 keep it up and download the happn app
Local dating is easy by happn
Okay
Owsm
Scam city! App seems pretty cool at first but as soon as i paid for a premium subscription, my account was mysteriously "lost" and their customer service reps (who reply to emails about once evry two weeks, have not been able to restore the account, nor offered me any sort of refund. Based on my experience, i would say Happn just wants to take your money and their customer service is non-existent. The only real people who use this app are suckers like me.
Good
awesome app..love it...message option should be free
Totally fake. I was forced to subscribe monthly payment. Ultimately neet result is big zero. They earns their money by forcing people like to me.
Its worst mistake of my life
Very unstable app idk if it's just a previlage for Android 9 tho
I unable to use it in UAE using mobile Data
Good
Good app
lovely
Very good
Not able to create account
Awesome app
good app
No trail veraion
Nice aap
Good
Good one
Ekdm bekar app hai Mere paise bhi bekar me chale gay Faltu hai koi bhi instoll mat karna 300 rupye bhi cahle gay
Nice
Nice but
good
Tinder is also bad but better then this
Great app
Most thirdclass application.girls age above 30 but it shows only 18 19.vogus application
Worst
c banata hi
Siyem
Very good app
I have already contact google play store support  it he been rejected from there end so i request plz refund my money
Ok
A\aaa
App is good but automatic subscription is not good ask customer for renew the package
Awesome
Thanks god i am so happy bcoz this app amazing fist love start my happen
Good
Good
Awesome
Osam
Amazing
Better but more better tab hoga jab ye muje matching de
Never waste your money on subscriptions or purchasing stars *. –––––––【 IT's a SCAM !! 】––––– Logic being, when you send 'Hi' spending your star* the person receiving that must spend a start * from their app to reply to your 'Hi'... Which is rather impossible, since the female counterparts don't actually purchase stars* or subscriptions. You can only talk with a person if you are matched with them. #happenScam
So poor
Nice app, Good design and wonderful
No matches anyone's person.
Good app
Awesome
Not bad
Sends you constant notifications about absolutely nothing. Get ready for daily reminders that the app exists, with no option to turn it off in Settings.
Osm app
Nice
Omg
Nice aap for crush
Mojal
Wazzzz Happn
First time match
Good app
Good
Its a great idea but unfortunately its a lot of men that are younger than me. I scaled my the age group and it still shows me 18 year olds lol The app is poorly made. When you are out of options itll tell you to look at your map..yet no map exists in the app. you literally need to be out and about to get new matches. Im not going to go out and roam like its pokemon go! gotta catch em' all? Dont waste your time
Great
Superb experience
Complete waste of time. I'm glad I didn't pay for it. Once again, exactly like every other dating app, scam city. Fake profiles and spammers. No real people. It seems like it's designed to not show you anyone in your area and even if you pay you'll get garbage. Others I spoke to that were dumb enough to pay for it said they regretted it. So waste your money if you want to.
Bad
Not bad
Can never use this app! It takes forever to load, and it doesn't load anyone's profiles. Stays loading at "Wait for it... We're looking for the profiles you've crossed path with". I have a perfect connection with my own signal booster, and my wifi has no problems at all. This app is trash! Straight up GARBAGE!
Good aap
Good
Good
Ok
Good nice app
great app for finding true love
Awasom ❤
Good
nice
💕💕💕💕
Love it
Nicee
Good app
Good
Good preferred
AryahRaj
Lame. You have to pay for the premium package to see who liked your profile.
Coz I can talk with anyone if he is my crush on first see 💞💞💞💞
Nice
Too greedy. Won't let you do much without paying.
It is a good app for the interaction of people
👌👌
It just ossom
Nice
Very good app
Good
nice
Bakbash hai app
good app
Can't even pass the registration page -clinches out
God
Nice
Cool
Mast app ha
Good
Nice messaggung app for alon biy
Good
i got a mate and we had a chat. I donno y chat box suddenly disappeared and i could not find her anymore
Good
Nice
Good
Nice but nowadays not working good
Good
nice
Interesting
good
The messages in the chat are getting delivered slowly. Taking lot of time. I'm an active user of Tinder. When compared to Tinder, the message sending and receiving speed of Happn is abysmal. Please do something about it. Also sometimes, even when there is a crush, I'm not getting a notification. I'm finding it only after I myself open the app and look for crushes.
Gocy ig i
🥰
Best app for make a relationship
No use.. 3 month subscripted. But no one got find
Very good app
Fake
Great
It's to good app I like t
I love this app but wish it was free without paying for it
Nice app
is aight
Good idea
I wanted to try this so called "Dating App ", paid the subscription fee and now im a proud " Happn Premium Member "...all b*** s***.....Now i regret for installing this app... You wont get 10 " Hellos " as promised for Premium users...NO REAL PEOPLE, ALL FAKE...No option to see who likes you back...even if you cross new paths it shows same faces again and again.....PATHETIC APP....PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL IT AND WASTE YOUR TIME
Muito bom!!!
Awsome
ok
This app sucks I drive over 200 miles per day and still nobody shows up on the cross paths!
Amazing
excellent perform 😍
Optional🤣
Nice app
Cool app to meet local people
Updated - Can no longer scroll through people. Really don't understand the point of the middle button that just gives me a local map. Uninstalled. Useless.
Very bad app
Great
nice
Inan getting crushed but not a gf
I should give no stars to this verst app takes money for mach after that also no mach
Nice app
Nice
Happn buries your Hello away in notifications, and then discourages people from checking their notifications by constantly sending notifications bugging you to play "crush time" which is stupid and useless. So people just ignore their notifications and consequently most will never see the Hello you paid to send. This is not by accident. They want to give you just enough hope to keep you alone and paying. If you actually find someone to be with, they lose a paying customer.
Waste of time and money.. STRONGLY NOT RECOMMENDED.. PATHETIC SERVICE, RESPONSE AND PROFILES.
I dont have any experience of this coz i m new
Amazing
Excelent!
Nice aap
wow nice
Improved a lot. Please keep it up.
Sweet
There are fake profiles. its not very successful.
Provide some more hello in some less money.
Not so gud
Everything is hidden behind a pay wall. You can only see what people are i. your area. You can't chat without paying a huge fee. Lame. This app wants to know your location. This is a privacy concern. They want to track my movements so they could maybe sell that information. You should be able to type in your location.
Good
Signed up to the app then nothing worked. Messages failed to load. Couldn't even delete my account - keeps giving me an error message.
Good but it is not free
Sk
Good experience so far, it's good how you can see people that you've previously hoped
Bad bad
Nice and osm aaps
Super
Fake app dont give a prime account
Great online dating app
Good
nice
Find me a girl please
Info DG
This app os great , and had genuine persons, but main issue m facing is that , google play is not accepting my card, so m not able to upgrade to premium, please find some solutions for that...
nice
Good app
I it Fun
💥💥🔥🔥⚡⚡
great app
nice application
very bad app fake app
Happen is realy good app
The worst ever dating app i used. All of the girl's id s are fake. The girl replied you after some time she asked you to give money. Do not download this fake app. This is horrible. I hv gone through paid version but there are also limitations even after payment. The opposite side girls are not replying you. All r robotic and standard answered. Stay away from this application. They looting peoples by playing fake dating apps.
Good app
Stupid app... Without knowing also they dedit our money completely waste they stell money, plz don't install and do payments, once u do in starting again you can't stop, they them self, cut our money so plz guys keep away from this app... I will keep updating rewies still I get back my amount
make ur app free like facebook or instagram otherwise uh can't stand your app in social media like fb or insta ....!!
Goo d
Nice app
Ficjxitgk official top k so badass just use pain cost today W
Good
nice aap
Super
This app doesn't work properly I only was on for like 5 minutes and it kicked me out of my profile and I could not login back and then I got locked in back bugs buggy you need to fix the bugs
nyc
Gud
Nice aap
good
Wow
Good
Osm
Nice
begginer.
Very good app
Gud
It's cool
I dont have Facebook so the app won't let me use it. Weird how that's somehow become a verification of your existence. No, not everyone is on Facebook and Facebook should not be a qualifier in consideration of website's known issues.
no very happy with this app so far. It doesnt work for more than a couple days. and they say just uninstall and download the app again so apparently they're very familiar with this app crashing. Smh
Nic 👌 👌 👌
Can not understand it
Far too many notifications, even though I have all notifications switched off in my app settings. It gets really annoying. I will definitely uninstall if it continues. Yep, it's gone. Notifications All. The. Time. Even though I turned all notifications off. Drove me mad. Down to one star.
👍♥️
Ys
No matches for boyz
Not useful west of money
My balance is still deducted from my account due to of this app and i delet my account in happen please do something
Good
M apni premium membership band krvana xhahta hu but vo nhi ho rhi
I cant hello to someone without payment.This is really disgusting
Awesome
good
Very nice
Enjoy 😜
Worst app update ever. Completely unusable now
Installs the app. It says I can go premium. Then it just does nothing. Somethings always wrong. Always asks to try again. Total rubbish. Lasted the all of 2 minutes. Delete and avoid.
So I just downloaded this uselss app, it didnt even allow me to sign up unless I have facebook profile, it is really useless
Mast
very slow no response
I m happy ....
Mast app hai
Happy
Zero
Incridible
great app
It's very nice and very beautiful
Nice
Good app easy to use n easy to find who crossed our paths
I am not sure if this app works in UAE because I am unable to login 🙁
Its very bad
But muja abhi tak kesna bhi like nhi kiya h ???
gud
Excellent
nice app perfect way to find ur soulmate
Love it
good app
Nyc
Useless
I just started.....
Can it be logged it wothout FB
Awesome
This app is so good
This is the worst app at least in other app dont waste ur money it is a scam..dont be fooled
This app is very smart work friendship,relationship
Nice app
supper
😎🤘
superb
Love this app
It doesn't find people who crossed near to me
Nice
👌👌👌👌👌
It is best app of me❤
Hjhj
Nice and supar app
Nice
People promoting prostitution on happn. came across many such profiles. You can't trust people on happn. Better play safe try some other app. I am premium account holder...
App is fine but no response from any profile. Also getting same profile everytime.
😁
Really i enjoy this app
Give u four star it's good app
not getting any crush but saw so many peoples who near to my lacality
Good Excellent
After subscribe... application doesn't work....why...??? Very bad experience.... application taking lot of time for opening but no open it.
not good or worth its a waste of time
nice
West application
Nice
I am very happy to download this app ...but at last before 3 to 4 years ago when I used this app I got free hello options 10 time I think, but this time u are recommending updated system. why ?
good
nice app
super duper
Parkash Yadav
so nice app
good
Losing error.
Good app
Great
Muito bom!
nice app
Eh
So far, so good, enjoying meeting women of my same race, im not racist, just enjoy what i do! Thank you, great app!
Great
Ok
Wowww
excellent
Good app
gud
it's awesome
you cannot register without Facebook account, i think that is discrimination
Gud
veryyyy best appp
The app lies to you on it's notifications. I saw a notification telling me I had more than 5 likes on my profile. I payed the 1 month subscription to find out who and turns out I actually had a single like. sorry, this is borderline fraudulent.
Cool app
Osm
Idk
gud
good
Its good
Nyc
nnn
ok
good job
its nice app
nice
hdic lgivif hivv
in happn nothing is going to happen unless you pay
love it
does not even worth one star
goodio
very very nice
cant chat to people free.waste of time
great
magnificent
I'm inlove with happn and it's faster than other online dating I have ever experienced
Supper
i am not able to upgrade my happn premium .whenever i try to do payment it says transaction failed i tried with different card but it was unhelpful.please do support
awsome
this is not good app...
nice
Awsome app❤❤
nice
super
good
good.
Worst
It registers "crossings" from places I never even have been
Nice
को Improve kro
Mast hai yar
No crush no msgs
Nice
bad expirwnces
It dosen't work
Worst dating website ever, no one ever is near me
Always try to take my money, f... this app
The app auto deducts monthly charge of 299 without any notification. Please make sure you atleast do a communication to customers regarding their renewal of subscription. As of now I find the app fraud to earn like this .
Nice app
Not interested
It's a fine app. Sufficient enough if you're looking for love but not willing to travel far from where you live
Are you'll thieves?? How many hellos can one send to someone in a day? I signed up for a month and after sending just 4 hellos, your god forsaken app is asking me to buy more. I am disappointed and disgusted
Dont install it.. It forced u to pay
good
Unable to active...not taking date of birth...error coming everytime
✌✌
Good
Gtiya app ,dont download and and waste ur time
nice app
👍👍👍
Excellent 👌👍👍👍
local deting app vest app super looking
add itni karte ho app itna mehanga
Its an okay app
Cool app
Very superb app
I tried this app, because I liked its random nature & thought it was a good blend of a natural & virtual way of meeting folks. Turns out its mainly a cash grab tht preys on the desperate & the lonely. "How badly do you want to connect with someone ? give us $120 for the year & we think we can help you". 3 free messages upon installation & no more without a paid subscription is totally unacceptable, I can do much more & have much more, for much less. Thanks but no thanks. Totally sucks !
Awesome
Waste and worst. Also Scam.
Very nice app
Nice app
Good
Nice app very good
Best apk
I am just thinking about you
Decent but always wants money
Only shrching
Good
Great app
Nice
Befaltu k paise luttae h
Good
Ita bang on fks
Nice app
Useless
I luv this aap
Es buena y funcionao
Very bad about counting time
Slow net to not work this app Plzz dont downlode ok😠
Good app
Paisal bokka
Rony
Excellent
Good app
Very bad app.. wast of time👎
best
Good experience
This app is totally fake i request to all please never take subscription or purchase any likes or hello's otherwise by everything the amount will deduct automatically. Also they are not having any customer care service for telephonic conversation. They people are fake.
Excellent and
Its best spp and real time
Nice
Great
Nice
Nice app
👌👌👌
Help me out to cancel premium
Good
Nice
Good
Mst ha bhai download karo jaldi se
Good
Fake app just wasting of money no chat box open even paid up member and they promise for 10 hellos and stop after 4 hellos
Good
good app to find new people passing by you.
So far ok
Good
This app is good if you are paid user for this app otherwise it's nothing , making time worst
Nice
Great app.
Narender
Well good
Don't waste your time. Dating apps should be dobe for negligence.
Nice
Better than Tinder. But still doubt about crush works out. I have the feeling they send a liked notice randomly so you can get more crushes... However you still meet more people than on tinder...
Still trying it out.
Kind of. Pay for everything app
Soo awsm
Connecting point
Great
Nice app
Its n fake app.. i have take the Premium membership for last 2 months. Aftr dat i didn't get any notification or messages. It's totally n fake app.. Please don't download it. Waste of time
Good
Very good !!!
Super
Very easy to use and understand
Nic
nice
Love you girls ..
App crash many onclick heart please solve this
Dont like
I love it♥️
Good
Doesnt even work
gud app
Excellent
Nice
Bed app...bhai log kabhi v paise na dena isse....kuch nhi milega..1 month use kiya
Just another trash app that is taking obscene advantage of good men who want to find a wife. I have tried your app extensively and I will not be giving yourselves a single penny.
Bakwas
Hello kaha he!
Not satisfied On premium membership. Unable to search different places. Only location based . Tinder far better. On premium membership you are giving only five hellos not 10
Good concept.
All good!
Good
Good
I tried login my premium account via phone number but everytime i try login it creates new account now how can i login to my old premium account, help me recover it please its important i have 1 year premium subscription
Not good
Good app
So good nice app
Bakwass
Bad very bad
its gud
Osm aap
nice
Good
Boring app to use. Most profiles get repeated on your search everyday and some look fake. Wouldn't recommend
I have purchased happn premium subscription. Recently I changed my mobile and when I try to login using my credentials, premium subscription is not getting activated. Please help to restore my account to use premium subscription
😁
Love happn
Nice but not understand how to talk crossed person
Its very nice app.
nice app im really get a relation ship
Love it
Nice aap
Nice app
wow .......larki patane keliye kitna Acha app hai ......ab mere samne se koiye vi larkhi hatse jane nehi dungha kisiko propose karne keliye bohot Acha app hai......main use karungha abvi kariye. .......thank you so much. ........
This app is trash if you dont pay it wont find you anymore just another pay me app dont download.
Just tryning it out and im loving it
Osm......
♥️♥️
Great
I may have found the one.
the app doesn't upload the chat, lost some conversations. "no internet connection" but it's not true...
Good
Good app
really amazing app just love it
So good i like it
Not working properly 😏
Worst app u can never find someone here.....,😠😠 it's just timewaste
Gd
nice app📲
oh nc
no one kn my area. zero
Excellent
Oo
Good
Need browsing more people
Great app
I use this app since 1 month no one get connected. This app need only money...
Its not working in my phone. Oppo f1s
Nice
Supar
Ff
Amazing.....mmmmmmmmmm
Bhailog jiski katni baaki hai they are welcome here
Great to see who local to you are single
Tried to purchase premium, and it says the money has gone through because ive received and email saying so. But premium hasnt activated and it gives me an error code every time i try to click the premium button to try again
Nice app
GooD
helpfulll
Good
Bad experience. Do not take premium membership by giving money. Waste of time.
👌
Very bad app. Customer support is also bad. They deducted money but did not give the premium.👎
Nice Application
Pages rarely load either on Wi-Fi or data
It's pretty fun
Very bad
It's fake aap
I'm unable to set my date of birth. ,😒 Pls look into it.
Its good
Good
Nice
Bad app just to loot of money from people dont trust and pay theese types of apps
Chat not show after some time
Nice and bad
Mera Recharge ni hora bhut try karliya koi idea do
Very awesome
Nice app
Cool app ever....😘Loved it...
Moderate app but nice
Crash souvent..
Wow It's great app..
Poderia ter a forma física da pessoa.
Its cool
Worst app
Too gud
Nice happn
Outstanding Amazing Awesome Superb aap
Very few users r in this app, so few happeners cross the path. This may b due to its premium charges. 299 is big amount just for being premium happener and for only 10 hellos in a day. Even it does not work coz most r the general happeners (without premium). Charges must be reduced to increase subscriber.
Good
Awesome
Not good
Worst app.....why my account is banned without any reason?
Great concept. Makes more sense
Kadak
Osm
Like it so far
Helpful
App nice
I'll give 5 stars considering the fact you can come across somebody that you can meet in the street. The people seem genuine and decent depending on what they write their profiles. Can I have premium for a month? Lol
Kuch ho nhi rha hai
Vishal singh rajput
Money making app.. You don't get anything..
Bakvas
Good
Yassssd
Don't install waste of money and waste of time I wasted my 299 , no active profile, no connection
Very bad experience happened. by visiting this app
Thk s
Assinei o Premium dizendo que poderia mandar 10 hellos por dia. Mas quando mandei 5 Já fui impedido de mandar mais.
Not satisfied
Nice but fake also
Best app to meet with people in Berlin, thanks
Its a fake bakchodi
All about are nyc .
I will give I will give you 5 Stars I don't know much about happan app but I will use it because I have seen some good reviews thats why I installed, so let's see what's gonna happen. I hope to find a genuine love.
Unstable app, doesnt even open
Good
Absolute rubbish, dating apps that lure you in with one freebie then pay pay pay....dont download it
Love the concept, although. Mapping is weak, haven't matched in over a month (probably bc I'm not paying), and can't even start a convo, favourite or see where/why you've connected?? 😆
Osm
Nice
Good
Waste of time
Typical dating app experience. Women dont respond. At least you can delete your account.
nice
Nice
Great!
Very nice
Its ok
Fully fake Dont try vip Don't waste your money
Nic
No Reply I pay monthly charges
Londastic app h bc
Useless than tinder
Great the find out who is single while out and about Wish more people used this
Great app
Used to be good when it was just locals and people you cross paths with. Now they have extended the catchment and its ruined it!
Nice so far
No it's fake
good app
I love you
Meeting people is weird on here
Nice
i have a very bad experience face through this app because happn is deducting my amount since last 3 -4 months , whereas i have deleted my account 4 months earlier , their is no option of ''unsubscribe'' of premium account , they are illlegaly deducting my amount , i am going to take serious action against this . . .
Bhai chalu krte hi bhabi mil gai tmhari😍🎉🎉🎊🎊
It's really helpful
nais
G, K, N,
Excellent
Ok
There was like 3 people on this. Had high hopes but it wasnt good at all.
Good app
Nice way of meeting people. What I like from it, comparing with for example Tinder, is that this is very local based.
1 star purely for the method of entering DoB. Calendar starts at 18 years ago, and requires you to click through every month of your life until you reach your bithdate. Great if you're 18, not so much if you're 40!
बेकार
Nice app
No matches
great
Nice app
Very nice app
the new update keeps crashing stuck on a photo and no actions can be used. Also doesn't update profiles like before.
No any match found
Very Aap
good
Nyc this app
Nice
Seems like a dying app.
This app not good ... Because in this app someone u like then in this app there is no notification of that person who like me ... In preference setting like notification not open ... If u you like notification has opened up then u will pay for it
Good one. Genuine people.
nice app.
Ugly
Nice work
Bad app and waste of time don't download this app
Good
Good
👌
supar
Nice
Good
Nice apps
Nice app
Lovely
Don't have a Facebook account Update : No you didn't, It still requires a Facebook account.
Not mucth
Ok
Do saal phle yhi pr mile bande se katwa kr aa re hai waps
Worst app dont use dis app .
Nyc
Worst app zero rating. Don't waste time n money
I don't know..
Great
Good
Uniquely done. Kinda interesting how you always wonder who is single, and this definitely pinpoints the potential future "the one."
Nyc
So Good
Good
I like the idea but It's an annoying app tbh. I dont understand the point of having profiles of people you have already swiped when you open it again. It's like they rubbing it into our faces "see that hot girl whom you liked before and crossed 152? Still no match." What are you guys doooooing here?!!!!!
i met two men on here and they were both legit people. i just dont know if i can trust them. To add on to my review these men on this app are only after sex and only SEX, every man i talked to just wanted sex not relationship I've met some that are real but really just want you sex and nothing to do with what they say on their interest at all this app needs improvement on everything.
Just k
Good but so expensive
Great
At starting only it ask for monthly subscription
Nyc
Should be free
superbbb
Tt
Nice
The old gallery selector is bacl but i just wanted not tje whole messenger to be old
Yeah, it works. NOT so 'user friendly' for someone who uses it intermittently.
Very nice
good
Satisfied
Very low
Superb
Palpak messenger lagi nag,lolog
Always awesome love messanger
Nice
slow
This app is very y
Truly hate this forced on app. Main reason I barely even use it.
Always great
Nice
Its odd because it does n't work when i dont have load
Dz#'-😩
Happy
mst
I will give fivestars bcz it makes me talk with my crush
Cambie dr opinion :v
good
very poor
Nice app
I hate this app, Because i would'nt upload a big file size! Add this a new Feature to a new update like Uploading a big file size and thats all i can not even post it to my friends and Can Upload to 1 - 3 Gigabytes (GB)
Dj
Lỗi vl
Nice
Its helpful...
Grate app
Great
Great
Nice
Its good application but I hope to add etdit to the message to allow us to change the text without removing it
its owesome
Nice
Good
Excilent
Excilent
Nice
THIS IS AN EXTREMLY EASY TO USE APP AND VERY EXPLAINATORY
Why do you idiots chose what stays on my phone, i want this stupid app remove, dont force things on me, let me chose what I keep, I work hard for my money to buy this device and as such I should decide what I want, not what you force on me, now readujust so I can remove it, please and thank you, fscebook allows people to post live sex, now its taking over inbox, rrmove messenger now
It so nice
Excellent
💓
Tour program is changing salmista evergreen world andrà it is pudding mediante off
Muy buena
good
I like it
Cool
Chala tu bhi
Good
Why the all emojis aren’t supporting?
Good , enjoyfull
I thino ot is overall a great app🤩🤩🤩
I Enjoy the fact I csn see and talk to people. .
I used this b4 it good for conversation and i want to use it again to update my messenger
Super
So lag
Keep getting held up by switch over to messenger instead of just opening up . whats up w that?
Very nice
Great
Nice
Fine
U are good
Can't be updated
So so
The best !
Is worderfull app.
No need for change
Very confusing. Cannot remove people I dont want.
This is not marmite
VINAY YADAV NCC रुद्रपुर
D to
madali lang gamitin
All my class mate became friends again, after 20 years......
Cool
Tell us more (optional)
So goods
Hi this is right
God
I like this app
in this app we cant delete all messages in one time...this is a problem...pls put the clear chat option..
Good
Like
It's good
Very helpful and great app
Easy for everyone
Easy too get in touch with friends
Wow
very nice
Lbs I'm not
Nice
very poor, unable to get messenger. why want messenger open?
Terrible
Important to communacate friends and families
FANTASTIC
This program recently stopped playing voice messages. My phone samsung galaxy note 9. When press on the voice message it never starts. Please fix
happy
It's allright
පොඩි මල්ලි
Boom
Good
Nice
sana mas secure yung account hindi ako makapaniwala na mahahack yung account ko sa messenger😢
i cant install
Good
Nice
Awesomely game to play with ur friends
It's ok
It wouldnt give me the code
Omg
Nice
it's so amazing 💕😍
I love it app
Good
Superrrrrrrrrrrrr experience for this app
It’s amazing
Excellent
Good
Great
Ok lang at sa naman basta dadalhin ko lang siya kung saan yong sinasabi ko sayo manang sa inyo
Pretty needed
This application will satisfy me and my family friends from messeging and from turning on the messeges in one app to the messenger and no one can hide you or lie you true this application, for example may facebook account and from may friend wilm detect then ther identity to there phone number, thats why no one can blockmailling you or doing some bad word..i think for this and give you real information to your account...i am Mark anthony Maningding personally thanks 100% to your messeger app..
Wow nice
Ini lah yang ble membatu kita
Now that it upgraded i cant open my messenger...why always need to grade there it a messages that was lost ...its not easy to always need upgarde ...what is the use of it ...f theres a messages that you cant read ..
The "something went wrong. Try again later" thingy keeps coming out and my conversation lists is not showing. Ive been restarting and reinstalling my messenger but i still have the same effin result. I need some freaking advices ASAP.
Nic
Love messager
I Should still be able to use my messanger without having 2 do the updates but it wont let me. That stinks badly that i cant. Why always all those updates? Its just a real big pain to deal with.
Just very down to earth. I like that to the point
8/30/19 - Update issues all day long - Uninstalled and now can't install it at all. Reported it and still nothing is fixed.
Good
I HATE MESSENGER IT JUST RESTARTED ME I WANT TO BANNED MESSENGER
Great
Nice
Delete
Horrible app worse app on social media only reason i wemt back to ur messenger is bcuz i need it to talk to my littke sister an my other family every time i let someone check there messages on my phone an i try to log back in yall domt let me an says sorry something went wrong try again an i try again still dont let me so i have to delete the app an down load it again if yall want to be the best social media then fix your s***
Cute ko
App not working
I love messenger better then messenger lite cause when i try to video chat my ppl can't hear me but i can hear them
nice
Nice app
It is very good
quickly use
preety good
Wonderful
Kimhan
Very good
Allways having to update
Good
Mặc dù cập nhật version mới nhất nhưng anh vẫn không nhận được tin nhắn từ em. 🙄🙄🙄
Nice
Messenger it's fine
Satisfied
I thought this app was ok until someone started sending out follow requests from my account and it's not me....not good at all!!😡😡😡
Ofcourse 5 stars
Cool
Very efficient!
Works well, the developer has made it easy to turn off features you don't need.
Thanks all f
Good
Excellent
Good
I strongly dislike that it was forced upon me through the web browser mobile version. Having 2 separate apps is stupid. Also, the favorites feature is pointless because it only ever shows people I've never even messaged. **UPDATE** This app is so awful and just keeps getting worse with every update. **NEWER UPDATE** FB stories suck.
Nice
Not good
Super
It freezes up while on video for a long period of time
Cant get in why not too much billsh8t
good
mag
Piece of junk
Messager
Convenient when my credits are running low i simply use wifi n continue txts n calls as all my contacts in the phone are also found in this app
It's very useful for messaging your friends and its also good at video char
Great for keeping in contact with people
Great.
Stressful
Its cool
I "don't" care for this site because,everything that I "do" is posted. "everytime you are checking out something" that everybody else,has had! "They'rezzz!" For years already and made their PIC'S!!!!!! So don't be judgemental about it.( And I didn't think,)😳( it was going to do that)😩 ( to me ). OMG?!?!?😨
Excellent
so useful app.
Good
awesome
Best
Good
Awesome!
Very a some and convenient
Intrusive ads. Audio calls work well. Pictures sent in chat often glitch out and lag.
its good
Still visibe to users and app
I have missed so many important messages because of the confusion and errors encountered in this app. It has damaged my relationships with people as well who take the performance of this app for granted. Switching accounts?
trash
10x
No good
interesting 👍
Good
I can't get the app to update !!!
good
I like this app so much
I am not too pleased about the fact that I have no choice but to update messenger, as it now will not let me on without the update.
it won't download the app or anything until ibhave to clear the cache
Good
Love you editor
ok
Dont want text
Interesting
Very good
The app is good
Please add the log out option in the messenger app.
It is useless, sometimes. 😡
5 star
Good
Please add indicators is someone is in a call.
Very easier to acess
Cool app
I've downloaded the app and it never opens and it a pain to uninstall
Best
Easy to play and very addicting..
🤔🤔
Great
horrific
Install but it don't open nor does it work what's wrong with
Great
Its been a little bit better.thanks
That cool
Excelent
Wonderful and fun☺️
😠😠😠 This app never works. You suck!
So verry nice to see if you want to a Messenger para sa massage
Closes out in middle of call everytime i open another app
ineed this app
good appk
Not Quickly responding masseges It's too heavy metal
Stop forcing us to up date
Really good all over
fabulous app
Everything is Good
Nice app
Its awesome good way to get and keep connected with people
I hate that I have to use this to see PMs.
Very good app
I love this application because i have mores opportunities to discuss and send messages and call ... Like whatsapp
Very good updates
Very nice
I keep getting hacked.
Very good thanks
Sucks
verr verry ushfull app
Great
Ok for non-important messages. Just hate the constant updates that never work correctly.
always good communication
Awesome app
Bht hard bht hard
Forced large updates
i rate it two because now last week of August i can't post a 1:30 video to my day... it now requires that the video must 20seconds below.... sadddd plsss fix this problem... plss
No complaint
Good
Not necessary! Fecebook APP could open Messenger 😒
Am not receiving messages from friends..wats wrong???
Good
Cool
I can't open my business page messenger it keeps telling me to install. And when I try to install it tells me to open and when I hit open it opens my personal messenger.
Domix Da Y.
I can't installed it on my phone ... I used to use this app but once it got deleted now I can't download it again why... ?... please fix this soon
Its ok, but could be better.
It's very good and no problems, I love it
Very good App
very convinient. Thank U very much. Messenger is a big help to us wd memebers of d family far frm each other. God bless
worse than malware.
Kimsong
I like this
Great
Loved it
Every time i send or receive a video it does not upload or download properly
Greet
Really great
Good
Coo Coo
Good day to you all
voice massege is not playing
Nice
Nalat bakwas h
Great!
Very helpful
Amazing
it wants you to update, but blocks your from the update because of a beta program being full. I am about to disable messenger. Beta program had nothing to do with the update before
love it
Greatful
Aplikacja bardzo slabo dziala nie widac czy ktos jest dostepny, kamerka sie nie kreci
Good
Pplllpplplpppllpllllllllllllppllpppplpllpllplaallpllllllpp Lapl Lpplpllaplplplplpapplpllpplp Lppll Lppppppppp I'm lllpllpllllllalpla lol llaplplpallp Lp to ll Llpllplaplppplp Lplplpllpplplplp I'll Allpl Lloapllplla Lllppl Lalpp
I want my revio
Thank you all for your comments.
Good
Na,amina
Nice
Good
Perfect
Mostly satisfied
Love it
Well
OXm
Wow
The only problem i have with this app is that it has stopped updating. It keeps trying to update but then just stops. I have tried everything to rectify this but still won't update. Please fix.
Doesn't allow me download. Give me error over an over. Very disappointing I've lost a way to chat face to face without a iPhone.
Slow
Nice
jeybartis
hard to use. A pain in the neck.
Just got it tell you after a few days
Is really fast in browsing
Getting use to but good
Koo
it's so good
Great
Heart
Its terrible
I can't call anybody without a force stop message poping up
Where is my messages 70% of it has gone 😟
Djshivartonilne
Excellent
Poor
It is the best version yet
11112222p
I like this app, because it's a tool I can use,in my daily life. A great deal.
Còòl
I love you
Thanks thanks
🤞🏾😩
My favourite app
Great
Very very slow&not learn
will not let me download anything
Helping apps
I'm happy
It wont even let me download it
If you like drama and adding troubles to your life as if you don't have enough already then this is the app for you! I was hacked twice in less then two weeks
margaretcclaypool
Always asking me to update! look
Ge
Well I have to try it,and drive it like new car,I'll let everyone Know in A few nights and days
nice
It works
feedback messeger with Facebook
great
GOoD app super
Hacked
Very good
Very nice😄😝
Great
Nice
Coollest messaging app ever
Fast and clear
I have been trying to update and now reinstall the app but it keeps saying it can not connecte. I've tried a hundred times. I've clear space, rebooted my phone, and cleared the junk in my app. Still won't let me install! Can someone please tell me what is going on???
Excellent
Amazing app to reach out to your family and friends 😊
Doravasquezdoravasquez
Very good
Star app
Is cool
Pr New app
I want this app back!
I love this app...but you need load to see pictures, the past version does not
Thank
Fantastic app
Manoj.
Mk
Not yet.
Very accurate
Nice
is goos
What happen to this app ? It cannot be access and cannot be reinstal .. it keep bother my working .. i need messenger for contact my costumer ..
Do not danlowding.
Nice
Not good service
Very nice app
Awesome
Mr Virat singh singer
Niratnar Giri
Not good
We
Good
Wonders
Good
Always crush what happened it start after updating in lastest ver.
Doesnt work
Update
Good app
Very very 9c aap
Nice one
Best
Nice
loved using this for my messages
Good
good app
Waw
I love messenger
Very Useful app.
I THINK it's good to use
Awesome
Good
Cats
good
Good
Calls are always stable clear with good hearing. Never had a dropped call and is extremely reliable.
Noob
RATE ATM
Thx i can text my grandma !!!
Easy and reliable i really like the colors and calls are great. You can talk better than on a phone. Finally a app that really works
It's okay
It is ridiculous to force us to have this app on our phone I hate this app it hogs up space on my phone I would rather use online messenger through the browser when you get 20 million notifications on your phone and can't tell when you have a phone call and it screws up your phone storage when you've got very little space it is a f*****-up app
Good
Nice
Ok
Some what,wide open
great..
The speed it took to download was great..now ready for next step
love it UwU
I could not add a pdf file
Please come home to me i thank i in love already or you
Good
Great
Hakdog
love it.😘😘😘😘😍😍
this app is good
NYC
Good
d makadelete ng message puro remove for you lng nakalagay
❤
Good
Very bad I think
Why my day video is only 20sec😠😠
Great
Excelent
Nice
Love this app
F'd up. Won't install. Bad app.
Not better to before becaus now i cant see who is open my chat . Becuse video icon is not buffering . So now this is not better to before . And my request is plzzz give this option.🙏🏻🙏🏻
this app sucks
Helpful
Kamal vaswani
more good than before❤
Happy!
Ooooooops what a good app
I can't use my messenger for free. I can just use it when I only have a load which is not good because I don't buy load often.
No better then the rest
good
Nice love it
Nicknames disappear for some reason
Nice69
It's so beautiful
Refuse still
Messenger video chat
So good
Get test app
Fu fb simple as that
Worst app forcefully downloaded
Good
Not bad
good job messenger
NOT happy at all i tried to do the up date the messanger nemourse times and it wouldnt i then tried to load it this evening and it sent me to the up dating page so i proceded to do so and it still wouldnt let me up date now i cant even reinstal it
Pk
good
No down mess
Nice aap
Awsome!!!!!!!!
I Love this app
goodshit wack son
Great application easy to use
I think she's good
pls
Nice app
Wow
nitanshrestha075@com
Best evr.. Buy i dont understand qhy we cant send mesages without. Messenger app on facebook.. Before we were always able to do it without measanger.. If this is the case maybe i will leave facebook and a lot of people will go with me too.. You have to think this through again vecause messemger app is not soo much nice to use app.. Peraonaly i hate to use messenger
Good
Good
excellent
Nice
Great
Its aight
राकेश कुमार
I' love this App. you are fantastic all of you Messenger staffed. "GREAT"
Whenever it's asking to updates im always having issues due to space and im unable to continue with all my things.
Good aap
I can't tell
simal janaka
Works really well, But can you add a "ding!" feature like the Web Browser version has? It would also be nice to have the following: 1: The thing is can you have a feature to where you can set yiur own ringtones instead of that annoying ding? Would be great. 2: Can you make it to where you can either have the option to turn off Voice Calling AND Video Chat just like the Instagram App? Would totally be helpful.
Loved it
wow
Good
अच्छा है
ok
Staying in touch
Great
Boom
Amazing
Worst app
Ok
I love massenger
My optional is arts
!’!, 2
👍👀💋😇😂👀👉😈😭🙄🙄👀😜
more than good
I need ladies innerwear
great
amazing experience
Great
Love it
😃😄
this is so good
Avarage
Good
Shashikant
Its super good super super good😀
Good
Nice
nice
Good
lenatemapusua
Great
Like it
pls help me or advice me on how to install back this great messenger app.
Good
Gjb
ននកកកលលឦលើ
It wont download this year but its a very good qnd beneficial app.
Oky
It's great to have foe contacts
Happy
I get to texted love ones
Satisfied.
Excellent and exciting
Gooooooooood
Good
its good
this experience is more achievment
It nice
Best
Good to communicate
My messenger app was really good and all. It's just that, all of my classmates have their very own nicknames on our group chat, and when I've come to check out their nicknames, they don't have any. I didn't see or read an update on our gc about them clearing their nicknames or naming themselves "Set Nickname". Please fix this. Thank you.
i like it i love it so beautiful so amazing so genius
Thanks for keeping my request!
Q 1 C T:,, *, , he! #2 /
Beautiful
Ok
Generally a nice app with fun features like group calls and video functionality. Problem the app is not compatible with newest Android systems and can sometimes have a mind of its own. Eg. When setting custom ringtones, Messenger will constantly revert to the default Messenger tone because no reason. Edit: with every update the app gets more buggy. Constantly loses its custom notification ringtones, now. Not even a minute after setting them. Had to drop a star.
It seems like the app to have if you want connection with your outside world. It seems cool I don't lnow how safe it is or isn't first I need spend substantial time on it too see just how worthy of myself it is or it is not. I know full well how unsafe these things so I can take percausions, but I know it doesn't matter how safe I am there are always gonna be predators out there trying desperately to trip me up, I just stay real being real is still not enough though I know only too well.
Its great. Can you please add a scheduled message function? Thanks!
Incredible app
Awesome
Boss
messenge text and video chat for free
Very bad and network very slow in messenger .when one msg sent to others it take maximum minute to go msg...why i dnt understand.whatsapp is very fast but messenger is not.
Thats v v v good
I love it
Good
the app suddenly stopped working today. i deleted it and then download it, but it kept showing the download failed. i don't know what went wrong. please fix the problem as soon as possible.
Fine
Goodness
Nice
Aplikasinya bagus, tapi banyak iklan dan kurang asik buat telfon karna sinyalnya masih jelek
Consuming more storage unit
Nice and good app
Mass
😋😋😋😋😋
I hate f****** passwords
It made me update today and now won't install. Wth never had an issue with the old version except it wouldn't let me play the games.
This app works good until recently, it just begun stopping all of a sudden everytime I tried to open it.
I can not even get it to load on my android phone
Improve timing of video stories
You cant log out and it drains your battery
Very Nice app
good
excellent
Mechanical engineering and technology Electric Windows central
Awesome thank you
Good but i can't install this app
អរគុណ
Kya bat karate he
I am your well wisher and see you through FB. Thank you for not forgetting.
Can't find emoji me option :(
Learn more
Awesome
Good
Good aap
Ehy
Good
Good
Very good app
Good application for me to use it always okay thank you
Happy
Very fast
Please fix this app so it will install
Cvm, 6m.m nn. Hmm kny..,
Good
Bs number Or name mel jaye Is m
mahd Safeer
App won't open I get a messages saying it has stopped
Excellent
Good performance
ok
Nice experience
I want the oldest version it can see picture but now it cant so i give it 1 star
Nice app
GOOD apps
I have no problem to install other apps except Messenger.
Junk!
If there's no Messenger.I can't chat with my class mates
Love it
DR EE FEES RIGHT 9a
Its cool to txt Mum Dad Nanny Koro
Good easy friendly apps..
Very nice app i like it....
Ok
this thing freezes up everything and keeps me from doing anything
🤷
Able to communicate with lots of people who have messenger.
nice ganda
Wow
Good
Very useful
Its good
Normal
Nice
8 years experience
😁
Mustakeem Baha'i jaan
perfect
Awesome
good
😎
If it says Facebook I don't want it quit giving it to me!!! I don't even have Facebook account and I don't want one!!!
It ok
How the heck do I report an issue? Because since this update, my messenger closes in the middle of me typing a message to someone and closes all the way out. Then the message is totally gone and I have to rewrite it. Annoying is an understatement!
Nice
Worst ever
Bad chatting aupshan new and better
Mohd Nazim Khan
Very nice
Very convenient i love it .very datisfCtjon
need it .
A pain in the ass
Messenger se Dur Tak Ke logo se bhi baat kar sakte hain yah bahut badhiya chij hai jo Sabhi log download Karen mobile Mein Kuchh mobile mein se download karne se bahut badhiya Hota Hai Facebook se aapke dost aap Unse baat kar sakte hain
JOHN NDANA
Good app
Good
Quite cool
good
Niceand verry helpful for a
Good
For weeks now I've tried to update messenger to no avail, it just wouldn't update. Today I can't use messenger unless I update, which I've tried several times today, and I still can't use it. Tried troubleshooting guides and nothing. Looked up the problem and it's not just me experiencing this. Works fine on my desk top but useless on the phone which defeats the whole portability advantage. Is it just an android issue? Bloody frustrating
Great
It was great
Gorgeous
I can't get it to work or down load
Good
Every second day it requires update .. im fadeup from this app.
Very nice
I hate this stupid app the developers should all go jump off a tall building for creating this total pos
It disappeared
Great app
Nice
One of the best app for chatting, voice calling as well as video calling by fb and also it has many new features. It is very easy to operate for everyone.
I want to get rid of the Hacker on my phone
😚😚😚😚
Ok
Kiri good
EDIT: This app updated on June 17th and they STILL haven't fixed it. VERY disappointed and annoyed. Not sure where my old review went, but this update SUCKS. I have to manually find photos and videos in my gallery instead, since Messenger no longer supports choosing specific albums. "Easier to use." Why would something so inconvenient and time consuming as this get approved? This app is much worse and so are the individuals working on it. EDIT: August 30th, 2019. This app is still terrible.
Nice
It was working for me for awhile but now it doesn't. I try to create a new account but I just get a message stating: Permission error(200). What does that mean?
Good
I can't choose facebook as default app in messenger link
Still need changes in app
good
Very nice app
We will
Because it won't let me download it huhu:(((
Nice
geat
Give a bafoon the messenger app and they become a conduit for all kinds of black market wifi adventures? Nerds and the internet, I'm moving to the mountains, damn internet. I feel so cheap and unhappy. Nogo.
I've used this app for years yet now it won't even let me update it so I uninstalled the app but I can't even redownload the app in the play store because it won't let me .
Great
Good app
The app is good. I can contact people I know and not have a problem with the app.
Like
will not update
Good
End
Great
I cant install messenger at the moment. I was locked out my account as i was hacked. How do i get messenger back
Horrible constantly lags and is late I make gifts and they don't pop up on messenger!
Plz quit letting Bree plz quit letting Bree being the hog of the show! Is not all about her! plz let other family members take turns narrating! I love your videos, but so sick of her being center of attention. What your family created was not done by Brew alone!
exlnt app
Its does real good
Great
To talk to my kids on Facebook
Fygg
I love this app. This is very good app
Nice
Love
Ok
Good app
Messenger if I were you pull your head out of your rear end now cuz what you're doing is dysfunctional😡
👦👦👦👦👦👦sonu Verma
Good
my messenger can't update
excellent
Ok thx
best
,৷ ৷৷ ৷ ৷
Excellent
Lahuw
nice app
Legal back up with dates good
Installing is not
Idk what ill do without this , 😫🤦🏾 i love this app
Happy life with messenger.
Nice Apps
I like this app ever
excellent
Now only started.how to experience the app?
Not easy to install this app
Good
Nice
Wow
good application
Vxsay t
Its realy good
It's so good to use
Why this is not installing.
Loved it
It says cannot install app i tried clear cache fb play store and a lot more methods it dont work fools
Wonderful!
Iik
Awesome
It's so amazing 💙💕💙
😁
It sucks
very nice
Sachin Dhande
Best messenger
Bhaithe
Nixe
King
Very good app i gave you 5 stars
Good
💕
Very good
It's the best thing that has ever came out
It's amazing
Nice
Good app
Quick and easy
It's really good
not support samsung j2!
good
It so amazing. And it also convenient to use where ever you are.. I use chatheads for me to not missed my contacts.
😍😍😍😍
Does not work,cannot get messages
I cant download it
the app is very useful but the new music player in the app is not that useful cause it can't search other sources like YouTube for what ur looks for
It sux I can't open messenger keeps saying it has stoped
Vry good
Amazing apps
Love it.
Nice. Good. Superb Okay
I tried to update it and it wouldn't update it and then I accidentally deleted it and then I tried to download it again and it tells me that it can't be downloaded please fix it
It so amazing
Nice
Needs more tracking info on messenger
Great
it is a good app
simply the best chatting app😻
settings Allow JavaScript The brand new, redesigned Messenger app is now easier to use, simpler to navigate and more fun. Messenger has been simplified into three tabs—People, Chat and Discover. -Chat tab lets you quickly access all your messages. -People tab helps you find friends, both new and old. -Discover tab connects you to your favorite brands, find discounts, play games and more in explore. Plus, new color gradients make your chat more colorful too!
I like it
nice
I love messenger so much
Good
Nice app.
I don't like it I prefer the older version because I can't view profile page of something through here
i have two accounts and it won't let me sign in one it keep saying logged out or something went wrong its like i have to uninstall it and install it back and i shouldn't have to do that the calls suck
Horribleeee💜
Someone hacked my aunt's account and messaged me posing as my Aunt
Ok.Ilike app.
I fun it is
Ok
very Good
good
Very Good💕
awesome
Love it
Its good
Give me
Awesome
COMENTARIO
Quanto tempo ainda vai demorar pra chegar a função guardar dinheiro?
Ótimo!
Excelente.
Ted só em dias úteis
No geral é um App bonito e tem boa usabilidade e é prático. Mas tem bastante bugs ainda. Por exemplo quando vc tenta pagar uma conta do mês passado atrasada que você inteirou uma parte do valor já anteriormente. Toda vez que clica no botão pagar em vermelho no valor dividendo ele não gera mais o boleto como fazia antes, ele vai pro mês atual e a fatura atual.
Nunca tive problemas. Tudo que preciso funcionando bem em um só lugar.
lovely!
Quando eu for aprovado eu mudo a nota
A parte de assinar com seu nome é HORRÍVEL, simples assim, é impossível escrever no touch screen, de resto tudo ok.
Muito pesado. Poderia ter o Nubank lite ou deixar a opção do computador com mais liberdade.
very good
ótimo
Não dá pra acessar e fica o tempo todo dizendo que está com problemas técnicos e é pra tentar acessar mais tarde. Muito ruim.
Minha experiência de 1 mês tá sendo incrível. Por favor, se mantenham assim.
Melhor banco, simplesmente amo o nubank!
Não consigo mudar o email de cadastro. Quando clico pra alterar não acontece nada.
loved the app, but I'm still waiting for my credit card! it's been almost FOUR MONTHS and still they're saying that I have to wait 3 months more to get the new card...
Simples de usar, design intuitivo e excelente suporte
Melhor app, melhor cartão, melhor gerenciamento de compras, melhor conta "corrente" que rende DIARIAMENTE 100% do CDI. É possível adiantar compras parceladas direto no app (e ainda obter um desconto por isso), pagar adiantado para aumentar o seu limite, sem contar o Rewards que vale muito a pena. Ideia sensacional!!!
Perfeito...o futuro é nubank!!!
lack off more analytics about consumption
É por isso que o Brasil é um país travado. Um banco online que recebe sua grana suada ainda faz análise de crédito para abrir conta. Ora eu que deveria analisar o crédito deles.
melhor!
Não é a toa que foi eleito o melhor banco em 2018 !!!
instala e tomaNUku kkk
melhor banco
Vcs são excelentes, app, atendimento ao usuário, disponibilidade de serviço tudo nota 10! Não vejo a hora de poder comprar ações NUBK3 na bolsa pra eu sair falando que sou sócio do melhor banco da B3. 💜
Excellent!
super facil de usar e muito intuitivo
o aplicativo nao está abrindo com o S9 na versão mais recente do Android
Quase bom: interface do app deixa a desejar em caráter de utilização as vezes. Em relação ao bank e ao serviço em si, sem comentários! 100%+ Obrigado Nubank
O aplicativo é bom e prático, porém para pagar boletos estou tendo problemas com a EDP bandeirantes, única empresa, poderiam colocar um OCR, visto que os numeros vem em cima do código para facilitar a vida.
Muito bom, simples, fácil e rápido... Continuem assim.
Top
The best bank ever!
Digitei o CEP de entrega errado, sem querer, e agora o app não permite alterar. Como proceder??
A melhor conta digital do país. Poupança nunca mais! Thank you Nubank
Taxa de 6.5 reais a cada saque no debito. E nem te falam disso antes. Essa informacao esta bem escondida. Fui bem decepcionado
o serviço está piorando a cada dia!
renda fixa + nome limpo = cadastro recusado, esqueci do score alto ....... .
extremely good
Que serviço sensacional!!!! Aplicativo muito bom e fácil de mexer, seu dinheiro rende 100% do CDI deixando na conta com liquidez diaria, eles estao sempre inovando e melhorando! Estao de parabens! só falta ter conta PJ hahah
Eu sinto falta de uma coisa: quando adicionamos tags às compras e pesquisamos pela tag, aparecem todas as compras que foram marcadas com a tag, inclusive aquelas em que a fatura já foi pega. Seria interessante o app separa-las, de maneira que eu consiga saber a soma das compras marcadas com alguma tag somente da fatura atual. Um abraço a todos!
Top
Melhor do mundo ❤️
esse cartão é tudo. sem taxas, o App é fácil de entender, a assistência está sempre disponível é pronta pra tirar dúvidas.
Eu sinto que não é a minha intenção de fazer isso por causa de um problema que eu não sei o que é isso aí.
eu sinto falta de NFC no app para poder pagar caso não tenha o cartão em mãos
Esses moços e essas moças arrasam! 🙃
Very nice app
Eu sinto saudades
good
Bom app, só uso Nubank agora :)
Não consigo finalizar meu cadastro, já tem semanas que estou tentando me cadastrar e nada.
lovely
Algoritmo de escolha bugado. Pessoas sem renda conseguem e pessoas com renda (inclusive eu), com cartões de outros bancos (em dias) não conseguem.
Melhor cartão de crédito / banco da vida.!
serviços excelentes, nunca tive nenhum problema com o cartão, ou, conta
Nubank esta bloquando os próprios usuários de acessarem a propria conta, ficou um saco usar nubank web agora precisa de qrcode e ficar pegando celular, fora que estou em uma luta para conseguir acesso a MINHA propria conta para tirar meu dinheiro faz semanas, ja enviei varias fotos com documentos e eles simplesmente não resolvem, ridículo
Simplismente o melhor
Equipe atende rápido a todas as dúvidas e problemas. Melhor App no contexto de conta digital.
the best bank
App deslogou sozinho, não consigo mais logar nem atualizar o app, mesmo conectado no Wifi. Minha fatura vence amanhã e não consigo logar pra pagar
Eu Fiz uma ლ(・﹏・⊂(´･◡･⊂ ♥╣[-_-]╠♥♡(ӦｖӦ｡)⊂(･ω･*⊂)♡(˃͈ દ ˂͈ ༶ )ლ(・﹏・ლ)╰(⸝⸝⸝´꒳`⸝⸝⸝)╯⊂(◉‿◉)つ⊂(◉‿◉)つლ(・﹏・ლ)╰(⸝⸝⸝´꒳`⸝⸝⸝)╯ლ(・﹏・ლ)ლ(・﹏・ლ)╰(⸝⸝⸝´꒳`⸝⸝⸝)╯ლ(・﹏・ლ)ლ(・﹏・ლ)╰(⸝⸝⸝´꒳`⸝⸝⸝)╯ლ(・﹏・ლ)ლ(◕ω◕ლ)(･–･) \(･◡･)/(･–･) \(･◡･)/)╰(⸝⸝⸝´꒳`⸝⸝⸝)╯ლლ(◕ω◕ლ)( T_T)＼(^-^ )♡(˃͈ દ ˂͈ ༶ )( T_T)＼(^-^ )(･–･) \(･◡･)/♡(˃͈ દ ˂͈ ༶ )ლ(◕ω◕ლ)(･–･) \(･◡･)/(･–･) \(･◡･)/( T_T)＼(^-^ )( T_T)＼(^-^ )ლ(◕ω◕ლ)╰(⸝⸝⸝´꒳`⸝⸝⸝)╯╰(⸝⸝⸝´꒳`⸝⸝⸝)╯♡(˃͈ દ ˂͈ ༶ )
Melhor do mercado!
muito bom, facil de usar e, tem tudo q eu preciso
O melhor que usei
Aplicativo excelente limpo, bem abstraído, melhor aplicativo e banco digital, mas estou com um problema visual no aplicativo, meu aparelho é um Motorola g6 play android 9, quando clico sobre ver fatura, ele começa piscar para varios lados, mas como disse é apenas visual.
Light and efficient.
Não oferecem uma maneira de substituir o seu cartão velho por um novo sem desativar o antigo e ficar sem até chegar o novo. E você achando que o nubank tinha ideias novas. 👎
awesome
Parece ser muito bom, mas o aplicativo nao fecha nunca ?
péssima, não me aprovou sendo que tenho uma renda de 2mil e nome limpo, poderiam verificar de novo? ouvi dizer muito a nubank mas fiquei triste porque não me aceitaram, estou precisando de um cartão de crédito!
excelente
Exceptional ♡
Sério, eu nunca tive um problema com esse app. Nunquinha. Só que eu sou uma pessoa que usa o site de desktop. Old school, eu sei. Mas eu preciso do OFX da fatura pra colocar no meu gerenciador financeiro e o app não faz isso. Até aí tudo bem. Então agora precisa escanear QR Code antes de entrar no site. Tudo bem. Acho bom. Mais segurança. O que eu REALMENTE não entendo é por que vocês foram me esconder esse leitor de QR code dentro do menu de perfil de usuário. DEVERIA ESTAR NA PRIMEIRA TELA
awesome.
Por enquanto a única coisa que sinto falta é um gráfico com as tags que marcamos as compras
melhor usabilidade
para mim é o melhor app para cartão de crédito e espero que se torne o melhor para conta bancária também. A experiência com o usuário é uma das melhores que já experimentei, até mesmo comparando com apps de outros países. Ainda falta alguns recursos na conta bancária, mas creio que eles estejam andando para melhorar isso também.
Dia do leitor de release! Parabéns e obrigado pela criatividade!
Essa última atualização está com os dados desformatados, por exemplo na nuconta os rendimentos não aparecem por que estão de formatação.
Excelente. Para a nuconta ficar melhor ainda, vocês poderiam adicionar a função de DDA, iria facilitar muito minha vida
Great!
a melhor escolha que eu já fiz, mas tem um porém, ta demorando em aumentar o meu limite, nunca atrasei e sempre antecipando os pagamentos, mas o limite continua o mesmo. Sem mais Nubank está de parabéns.
ótimo cartão!
Sou um leitor de release nato
Já uso a anos mas depois de ter o meu dia oficial, o do leitor de release, o app merece todas as estrelas possíveis 💚
App sensacional. Banco ainda mais!
Nice app, awesome service!
Absolutely useful and easy to use.
melhor applicativo de banco
O aplicativo é muito bem feito. Mas a UX pode melhorar. Depois da última atualização parece que tem um outro aplicativo dentro do aplicativo. Além disso, faltam features mais detalhadas de gestão de gastos e possibilidades de investimentos.
good
o aplicativo é otimo. so falta arruamrem a estabilidade do chat que é horrível.
Pra mim o Nubank morreu quando outros bancos passaram a oferecer também um cartão sem anuidade e com um sistema de aumento de limite mais claro para o cliente; além de uma conta digital de verdade isenta de taxas para saque e o cartão de débito associado (implorei pra me darem uma função débito sem sucesso). A cobrança de saque acabou com o código da empresa de 0 taxas. Perderam um cliente que sempre pagou em dia e tinha uma ótima média de gastos. Se não virar banco, não vai sobreviver.
Prezado Produtor, Aplicativo possui uma perspectiva de inovação bancária muito boa, sem burocracias e que ajuda o usuário em sua vida financeira. Acredito que com o intuito de prover um melhor acesso a pessoas com deficiencia, seria interessante que houvesse uma maior responsividade de fonte e conteúdo, pois sou defiiciente visual parcial e como muitos necessito da utilização de apps com diferenciação em termo de resolução para uma melhor experiência. O app ainda não esta preparado neste quesito
Faltam algumas funcionalidades simples na Nuconta, como agendamento de pagamento e débito automático do cartão de crédito Nubank.
excelente! experiência sensacional trabalhar com banco transparente e competente.
veery good
good
The best bank. Simplesmente o melhor banco que já utilizei. claro, direto, funcional, sem pegadinhas. banco para quem quer ser prontamente atendido sem frescuras e taxas escondidas.
Ótimo cartão de crédito 😁
Eu gosto do app, porém ele veio com um bug na última atualização em relação as compras realizadas nos últimos 30 dias. Ele informa um valor na descrição geral, mas quando vc entra para ver as compras dos últimos 30 dias ele retorna outro valor. Tá bugado nessa parte :).
Simplesmente amo meu roxinho ;)
Excelente aplicativo, excelente empresa, excelente atendimento ao cliente, espero que as empresas no furuto se espelhem no roxinho pq eh bão demais!!!! Parabéns, Nubank!!!
o app está consumindo muitos dados qdo esta em background. 35MB em meio mes, por um app de banco.... o que tanto vcs estao transmitindo por trás? estão me rastreando por acaso?!
Em resumo simples, segura e efetiva. Além das vantagens que oferecem como instituição
great
Melhor cartão de crédito que já tive na vida!
Melhor banco
Poderia fazer o upload do app lá no aptoid tambem?
Se tivesse mais que cinco estrelas, com certeza eu colocaria mais. O melhor cartão do mundo, todas as vantagens que você pode imaginar! #sounu
o melhor banco que precisamos. Por mais nubank's no mundo.
Qdo pedi p/ abrir uma conta n estava querendo cartāo de credito e sim uso dele somente c/ o debito e sim pq e internacional e tem otimas taxas. Serio q vāo me deixar 6 meses no gelo?
Adoro as facilidades do app e da Nubank em geral ❤
Nubank has released new contactless function but does not want to configure to ask for password for any value making it totally unsafe in case of theft. Nubank, your card will be stored at home and will no longer be used.
o app é muito bom, mas falta impressão digital para desbloquear o app, pf nubank coloquem isso
O Melhor App de Banco muito simplificado e agil. E o melhor suporte ao cliente que já vi no Brasil.
delicia de cartao de crédito
Melhor cartão da vida! Atendimento excelente e disponível a todo momento. Amo meu roxinho ❤️
Nao consigo acessar o app, sempre aparece a mensagem que estou sem conexão, mesmo estando em uma rede muito boa
O melhor cartao e o melhor app
Awesome! No bugs, easy to use.
Aplicativo excelente. mas faltam ainda opções de agendamento de pagamento e créditos em celular.
gud app
Alguém teria como me indicar???
Excelente!
Infelizmente menor de idade não é aceito. Em setembro eu tento denovo.
Excelente aplicativo, interface limpa e intuitiva!
Aplicativo simples e intuitivo. Através dele é possível resolver quase tudo e as exceções são resolvidas rapidamente pela equipe do Nubank por email.
O melhor banco do mundo.. o app é perfeito.. 1000 estrelas!!!
Tanto funcionalidades quanto atendimento são excelentes!
Não consigo mais atualizar o app, sempre diz que estou sem internet.
o banco é bom, sou cliente desde o inicio, MAS ESSAS ATUALIZAÇÕES não deixam eu nem consultar minha fatura, tá horrivel de achar.
Melhor app, melhor cartão.
Melhor app do setor financeiro que já usei
a UX ficou muito mais complicada depois que nuconta foi criada. O app antes (quando era só cartão de crédito) era muito mais simples e intuitivo, agora tem muitos botões, algumas infos ficam "escondidas", mas a empresa é maravilhosa, o serviço é MUITO bom e o suporte é realmente um dos melhores da vida. Ouso dizer que a interface só me desagrada porque uso já há alguns anos.
It's the best bank of world.
Sinceramente, não vejo por que não dar 5 estrelas. O banco perfeito pra mim, não existe melhor.
App fantástico, assim como o atendimento. Tenho esse cartão há dois anos e depois de tanto tempo acho que já dá pra dizer que realmente estou satisfeita com ele. *update mar/19: está com bug, pessoal.não dá pra bloquear e desbloquear o cartão físico no app!!!
A Nubank é direta e reta sem complicações mas sinto muita dificultade em saber quanto ganho diariamente com a conta Nubank. Gostaria que tivesse uma lista de quanto de juros foi incorporado à conta diariamente, eu só consigo saber isso tirando print todo dia :/. Grato!
O melhor app de cartão que já vi, fantástico, eu amo as funcionalidades e o cartão
melhor experiência em um banco digital
atendimento rápido e interface intuitiva
O Nu precisa disponibilizar recursos de segurança para o app. Essa ausência é algo que reduz muito a confiabilidade no uso da Nuconta. #meajuda
ta ficando incrivel, so poderia melhora para depositos e pagamentos em fim de semanas ou horarios depois das 17 horas, mais o app ta otimo ,bem simples e pratico.
excelente
Simplesmente perfeito...
Excelente!
Tudo muito prático. Principalmente agora que disponibilizaram a função débito.
excelente app e sempre implantando melhorias relevantes
O aplicativo é otimo, tudo super detalhado e fácil de encontrar.
Excelente! Sou fã muito fã de vcs. Seria legal ter pedido de cobrança via boleto com agendamento de data.
Não recebo mais a notificação de pagamento na data do vencimento da fatura.
Pra eu mudar totalmente pra Nubank, só falta lançarem o débito automático.
É muito mais que um cartão de crédito.
very goog
Melhor gerenciamento de fatura do cartão de crédito e sem pagar a mais por isso
Excelente! Só falta um programa de milhagem ou pontos.
amazing
fácil de usar
muito bom, vem crescendo e trazendo novidades pros seus usuários
Excelente APP... Ajuda bastante parabéns!!!
Muito bom o app e o Nubank em geral. Uma melhoria podia ser a criação de alguns gráficos e subdivisões dos gastos, para mim que uso o Nubank para tudo ia ser uma boa. Assim não precisaria de outro app pra fazer isso.
Banco incrível
Excelente app e excelente cartão de crédito. Porém a Nuconta deixa a desejar pois paga para sacar dinheiro.
Meio besteira pra mim, solicitei um convite e fui aprovado, pensei "oba, vou poder pedir o cartao", mó burocracia, tira foto disso e daquilo, finaliza o cadastro e na verdade era para uma continha ou sei lá o quê, aí quando solicito o cartão me dizem que não fui aprovado. Patético, se soubesse nem teria feito tanta coisa pra isso
otimo
melhor app e cartão! amo meu roxinho 💜
Fast, secure, and transparent.
O App notifica que está desatualizado toda vez que abro apesar de estar na última versão. Já fazem três semanas e não saiu nenhuma atualização pra solucionar isso.
fala para verificar minha conexao. estou com internet funcionando. prova disso é esse comentario
útil
Funcional, prático e simples.
muito bom!!!
nubank é o melhor
excellent
Eu amo ser nu 💜
Gostei do aplicativo, tenho duas sugestões, 1- a Nu, como operadora financeira, poderia disponibilizar produtos de investimento em sua plataforma e, 2- suavisar as cores de fundo dos menus inferiores para melhor visualização.
Melhor fintec brasileira ate agora, tem meu conceito A, nao tenho nada a Reclamar. otimo cartao, otimo suporte, velocidade em transações.
ha dias estou tentando baixar!
Andorei
Excelente, tanto o app quanto o serviço no geral. Só falta suporte ao Google Pay. Abaixando a nota pela demora em dar suporte ao Google Pay.
excelente!!
fantástico
O aplicativo deveria permitir visualizar melhor o saldo e outras opções da Nuconta!
Sou muito grato à Nubank pela excelência no serviço e principalmente pelo carisma e pela simpatia no atendimento.
Falta possibilidade de Samsung pay, Google pay e afins! Vocês não são tão modernos se não tem esse recurso
Melhor banco que já usei!
O melhor e mais transparente banco online!
Simplesmente, O MELHOR!!!
É tão bom que dá raiva :)
Depois da última grande reformulação achei um pouco mais confuso de usar que antes. Mas mesmo assim pro controle das suas contas e uso do cartão é um app muito bem feito.
Melhor cartão que já tive! Ótimo!!
Melhor cartão. Desde que conheci o Nubank eu não penso mais em obter nenhum outro cartão de crédito e agora com a Nuconta já praticamente aposentei minha conta bancária.
Excelente banco, mas se precisar de ajuda, desista, não sei mas parece que os atendestes fingem que não te entendem
É o melhor cartão de crédito já feito e o motivo é a simplicidade junto com um serviço que foi muito bem bolado. Na primeira vez usando o chat para tirar dúvidas é fácil perceber como o clima do app é agradável. Gostaria de criar mais de 1 cartão virtual e controlar seu limite.
Positivo: Melhor Cartão de Crédito + Melhor Plataforma + Melhor Atendimento. Negativo: Programa de Pontos, precisa melhorar. Comentários: Tenho conta aberta na Nubank, mas não uso mais o cartão, pois tenho um cartao sem anuidade e com um programa de pontos sem anuidade. Poderiam fazer um programa de pontos gratuido para pessoas que tem gastos fixos a partir de certo valor. Tirando isso o NuBank é o melhor cartão.
O app é muito útil e sem dúvidas esse é um dos melhores bancos que existem. Prático, com serviço de atendimento eficiente, e muitas formas de se pagar a fatura. O único banco que eu tenho total confiança!
Nada funcional. Horrível. Se o cartão tivesse anuidade estariam falidos já que por não ter agência o aplicativo é a cara da empresa.
simplesmente o melhor!
Very good, totally free and now it offers debit function as well. Plus, unlimited transfer to any bank account for free as well.
great
Nuconta com agendamento de pagamento de boleto é tudo de bom!
o Nubank vem melhorando bastante. Empresa nota 10.
dia de leitor de release hahaha gostei
muito bom...
a nuconta vive fora do ar ....
A empresa começou como uma grande promessa, mas já tô achando mais vantajosa a relação com os bancos tradicionais. Pelo menos pra mim não tem sido útil.
Melhor o app do Nubank, nunca mais qier saber de outro banco!
nice App
melhor banco da vida! Agora que tenho débito vou com certeza abandonar as antiguidades dos bancos físicos
otimo app
cada dia melhor
perfeito
Antes de atualizar, não estava conseguindo nem gerar o boleto ou atualizar a fatura. Agora o aplicativo nem ta abrindo.
App sem igual. Depois de me irritar horrores com outros apps de cartão de crédito, passei a valorizar cada vez mais o do nubank. parabéns a equipe de desenvolvimento! amadorismo passa longe de vcs e não digo isso só pelo design e experiência de usuário do app, mas tb pela lógica de negócio por trás.
Melhor cartão do mundo!!!!!
dia oficial do leitor kkkkkk mt bom
Sem duvida alguma o melhor app de banco e cartao de crédito. Nunca vi um atendimento tao perfeito. E o que mais me deixa empolgado é ler as notas de cada atualização. Esse pessoal aí sabe extremamente bem como tratar seus cliente. Parabéns à equipe Nubank!
Depois de anos utilizando, o aplicativo simplesmente parou de funcionar e me diz que não tenho internet. Já atualizei, já entrei em contato com o suporte, nada funciona. Em qualquer rede, sem acesso ao meu cartão por 2 meses. Pensando em cancelar pq não faço a mínima ideia dos meus gastos, só sei quando chega a fatura por email. Não posso nem bloquear o cartão.
A nova versão é horrivel! Muito confusa e o layout roxo incomoda bastante 
usando o app. Saudades do design antigo :'(
ótimo, o melhor
good
nunca mais quero entrar em um banco denovo
Piorou bastante com as atualizações, embora o leitor de código de barras para pagamento de contas tenha melhorado. Está travando, fica na tela de "loading" sempre e preciso reiniciar o app o tempo inteiro.
the best company ever ❤️
A Nubank me enviou um email informando que as fotos do meu documento nao estavam boas. foi solicitado que eu entrasse no App para enviar novas fotos porem no App nao aparece nenuma opcao
Ate o texto da release do nubank é 10/10. 😂😂
Super satisfeito!
top
O cartão e aa condições oferecidas, o app e suas funcionalidades, o atendimento e todos os serviços da empresa são nota 10. Eu não apenas estou satisfeito, como posso dizer tranquilamente que mudou a minha vida para melhor e possibilitou muitas coisas que eu não teria como sem eles (Eu ainda estaria lavando roupa na mão se dependesse do limite do meu cartão universitário...) Os textos que acompanham os releases vão além e trazem um sorriso ao meu rosto mesmo nos dias mais cansativos.
Muito simples de usar. O depósito por boleto também ajuda bastante.
O aplicativo é bom, mas as notificações não respeitam o status de DND. Mesmo ativando o DND continuo ouvindo as notificações e isso é errado e atrapalha. Daria 5 estrelas se não fosse isso.
o melhor banco
cade a fatura nubank???? sumiu do app!
Aplicativo muito bom e uma empresa excelente que possui um ótimo support!
só queria dizer que fiquei chatiado que o último update não tinha texto engraçadinho pós creditos hahaha (mentira). continuem sendo ótimos assim 😘
CADÊ OS TEXTOS ENGRAÇADINHOS POW
great
Nem recebi meu Nubank e já estou amando a forma como estou sendo tratado e adorando o aplicativo!
Uso ja tem um tempo e agora sim tenho uma experiência satisfatória, tanto com o app quanto com o suporte.
simplesmente o melhor!!
❤️
Tem que facilitar o login, não dá pra digitar CPF e senha toda vez que for logar. Sugiro colocar o login com digital, igual o Banco Inter.
top
esses textos do release são fera demais hahahhah
great!!!
great !!!!!
Melhor banco que ja tive o prazer de usar. Respostas rápidas, atendimento ótimo e sem custos.
Banco Inteligente: o App, e serviços bancários da Nubank são muito práticos, não há complicações. Jogada genial da Nuconta com os rendimentos sobre o valor em conta. Muito bom o Nubank, simples, prático e inteligente.
Falta função de débito automático da fatura na nuConta. Na tela de pagar boleto, o botão de escrever o número está bugado, ficando e aparecendo a câmera. Poderia ter a detecção automática de número de boleto copiado no clipboard.
exemplo de qualidade e atendimento.
nice!
So falta poder transferir aos finais de semana e sacar e o Nubank será meu unico banco com conta aberta. Atendimento excelente, processos faceis, app perfeito. Assim que essas duas funções estiverem funcionando volto para dar 5 estrelas.
Excelente cartão.
app fora do ar
Eu AMO meu roxinho. Banco sensacional, app maravilhoso, atendentes super educados e prestativos!
nice
o aplicativo trava na de visualizar, detalhes sobre depositos. tenho que fecha-lo abrir novamente
Não posso dizer tudo sobre o aplicativo pois ainda não me foi liberado o cartão, porém, com o aplicativo base, já é bom o suficiente para uma nota cinco. Embora haja margens para melhoria como implementação de simulador, aba de notícias/change logs, opção de auto disconnect do app dentre outras funcionalidades que não afetam o uso normal no app.
Nubank não é algo que vc explica, mas sim algo que você sente.
Perfeito, aplicativo atende tudo o que se propõe!
excelente!
Incrivel continuem assim sempre melhor
eata mostrando o valor da fatura errado... ja efetuei o pagamento e recebi a notificação de pagamento recebido, mas nao bate os valores apresentados
quem nao consegue logar é por que nao teve proposta aprovada (ainda). afinal é cartao de credito. nao é pre-pago. a "falta de conexao" a internet é uma forma original de dizer q nao foi aprovado.
The best bank app!
Maravilhoso. De verdade. Isso sim é um banco do século 21.
Ótimo aplicativo.
Nubank sempre surpreende com a qualidade dos serviço lançados. Não tem o que reclamar do app.
wonderful
Excellent
good bye tradicional bank.
App só dá erro de conexão, arrumem isso...
A magia pra transformar tudo no dinheiro!
app tá ficando muito bugado, falando q estou sem acesso a internet, nao atualiza as compras, não vejo minha fatura por causa disso, por favor, preciso que olhem isso!!
app muito fraco. Tem uns bugs bem irritantes...
Gosto bastante. Sem frescuras e sem essa de tirar dinheiro dos clientes à forca.
Melhor companhia bancária, recomendo a todos
excelente
exceptional!
Sem dúvida o melhor! Com sabedoria e responsabilidade é possível controlar e alavancar seus investimentos graças a facilidade e transparecia desta empresa que é sem dúvida fora da curva. Obrigado por estimular a concorrência e o respeito ao cliente. Parabéns NuBank!
não estou conseguindo concluir o pedido do cartão, quando chego no final fala que está com problemas técnicos
Nubank Rocks!!!
good
melhor cartão do MUNDOOOOOOOOOO!!!
após as últimas atualizações ficou lento. o acesso ao cartão virtual hora funciona,hora não...
top
Totalmente inútil! O aplicativo fala que eu estou sem conexão com a internet sem eu realmente estar, nem logar eu consigo.
app deixou de funcionar, não abre alegando que estou sem conexão Internet. se eu tivesse sem internet não conseguiria postar esse review.
lindo gasoso
Já foi um grande serviço mas está se tornando uma empresa como qualquer outra
Aplicativo não está abrindo, alegando que estou sem conexão com Internet, arrumem isso
lento e travando, não consigo movimentar meu dinheiro!
Aplicativo indisponível e atendimento no telefone nao conseguiu resolver meu problema. Tive que ir ate um banco sacar dinheiro, matei a saudade dos velhos tempos.
excelente
Melhor cartão que existe!! E melhor aplicativo pra isso, controle total... excelente. Pena que é difícil aumentar o limite do cartão de crédito...
O app esta repetindo muito as notificações, por favor corrigem isso , de resto o App é sensacional , Melhor cartão de crédito!
muito bom
Perdeu sua essência ao longo do tempo. O cliente não é mais o foco da empresa, se é que um dia foi. A única vantagem da Nubank era o seu atendimento diferenciado, mas isso se perdeu. Existem cartões no mercado que também não cobram anuidade e ainda te oferecem cashback. O Nubank só é cool, mas adulto só ta preocupado é com vantagens e dinheiro no bolso, deixa o "cool" para os adolescentes.
Tudo o que preciso de um banco. Sem burocracia excessiva. Tudo rápido e eficaz!
perfeito
Melhor banco na minha opinião
very good... excellent and extraordinarily present in day.
excelente, supre minhas necessidades sem burocracia!
Cartão e serviços excepcionais, porém, em questão de limites fica a desejar, "forçando" a barra para procurar outros cartões em caso de necessidades urgentes.
muito bom aplicativo de serviços e seu atendimento
Melhor aplicativo!!
Perfect !!
Empresa incrível
Tela incompativel com tablet. Nao consigo acessar comprovantes de pagamentos.
O Aplicativo é bom, mas sinto dificuldade em saber o quanto o meu dinheiro ja rendeu na Nuconta, e tambem o leitor de codigo de barras que nao funciona
Excelente
sensacional
Sempre que precisei de informação adicional me atenderam super bem e rapidamente, esse roxinho e a equipe dele são incríveis !
Gosto muito do Nubank e da praticidade da ideia. Mas, infelizmente, esse 
release não seguiu o lema de praticidade. Ficou difícil a utilização. 
Piorou a experiência do usuário. Muito complexa a navegação para acessar 
views que antes era só dá um "swipe"...fui analisar a fatura atual e foi 
difícil achar. Tenho certeza que vcs podem fzr melhor! Aguardo novo release 
com mais usabilidade! 🙌
Excelente aplicativo. Uma dica aos desenvolvedores séria ter uma opção para exportar os valores e compras para uma planilha Excell. Muitas pessoas mantem um controle de gastos e essa opção ajudaria bastante! Obrigado
não consigo abrir o app, pois ele me força a aceitar um contrato desconhecido. a tela fica preta e nao tenho acesso à minha fatura nem ao extrato da minha conta
um banco EXEMPLO pro bando de banco lixo que tinhamos ate entao no brasil no Nubank sou bem tratado e TUDO funciona sem burocracia e custos ! viva a concorrencia
awesome
O app é uma excelente plataforma de controle do cartão, conta e afins... Até hoje nao senti falta de funcionalidade alguma. Equipe Nu de parabéns. Ótimo trabalho.
Melhor banco
Como não amar a Nubank? 😍
Excelente!
Melhor app de banco e/ou cartão de crédito que já vi.
App completo e eficiente
O aplicativo é simples e prático, dou ênfase ao trabalho feito no Nubank rewards, muito bem feito e sem informações escondidas!
Nubank e Banco Inter, os melhores!!
Sem palavras, simplesmente o melhor app de banco que já usei.
Great bank and their services.
Não consigo visualizar minha fatura pelo aplicativo!!!  Estou esperando chegar meu novo cartão com a função débito. Durante esse tempo, a opção de ver minha fatura é substituída pelo rastreamento do meu novo cartão. Teria algum outro Menu para acessar minha fatura durante esse período?
Excepcional
Não consigo mais acessar a minha conta desde a última atualização. Já reinstalei 500x e o problema persiste. Fica carregando, infinitamente, e nada acontece.
Aplicativo e empresa, excelentes.
recomendo! excelente App!
Bring daily solutions, meanwhile the others are part of the problems and above of all charge us doing it.
Pede para tirar foto devido o novo dispositivo mas nao sai da tela. Ja reinstalei varias vezes o app mas nao resolve e nao tenho onde conversar com a central de ajuda, pelo app
O app funcionava muito bem, até que fiz a última atualização e simplesmente não consigo mais entrar, diz que estou sem conexão, sendo que minha internet está normal. Já desinstalei e instalei novamente e nada de funcionar.
Excelente!!!
Praticamente tudo muito ótimo, mas infelizmente depois o limite estabiliza e também a consulta das transações do NuConta não está funcionando.
Depois que atualizei para a última versão, o aplicativo parou de mostrar as compras que aconteceram a partir do dia 8 de janeiro. Diz que não foi possível resgatar os eventos mais recentes e pede para verificar minha conexão à internet (que está funcionando perfeitamente). Não consigo nem pedir ajuda pelo chat. Mandei um email informando a respeito do problema mas não obtive resposta. Enfim, estou decepcionado porque um aplicativo que era bug free agora nem funciona mais.
ok
Best of all.
sensacional!
excelente
Excelente app, UX/UI de respeito 👏
awesome!
Precisamo melhorar o UX Design do app cada dia que passa estao piorando o app em questao de design por isso as 3 estrelas.
Sinto falta de uma coisa simples que é a troca do idioma do aplicativo, minha namorada é estadunidense e as vezes me pergunta como usar o aplicativo ja que ela nao entende português.
melhor banco!
Agora o que falta é integrar com Samsung Pay/Google Pay/Apple Pay rs
Única empresa bancária que se esforça para melhorar e se importa com seus clientes. Também a única empresa que melhora com o tempo! Também os únicos releases que eu leio, cada um melhor que o outro!!
BOM!
The best 😍❤️
best exp ever
O aplicativo não está permitindo gerar boleto ou mandar mensagem via chat.
muito bom a fácil de usar
Otimo aplicativo. Facil de usar.
Eu amo a nubank! A praticidade e simplicidade de resolver tudo pelo aplicativo, o bom rendimento da nuconta, o atendimento rápido, simpático e eficaz... enfim, recomendo. No início é meio chato para conseguir um bom limite, mas depois consegue.
Muito bom! Desde que a Nubank lançou a NuConta eu praticamente abandonei os outros bancos que utilizava. A interface é sensacional, o atendimento é impecável e muito rápido e a eficiência é excelente. Como sugestão, deixo as seguintes: Um extrato mais detalhado sobre a NuConta; e Uma maneira de rever as notificações que aparecem na barra de tarefas.
Eu amo um banco! Tenho físico e to criando a pj. Dando tchau pra todos os bancos.
Depois que atualizou o app nao abre mais.....
Simples com tudo que se precisa ter
Very nice app, well developed, very intuitive with a modern look. Congratulations!
Excelente!
Show!
It's great! I'd just like to suggest a thing: I'd like to add my Nubank card to my Samsung pay app, but it says the card isn't supported yet. Please, make it work.
Amazing
I can not use my fingerprint for step verification. 😔 All bank has it.
The best bank in the world!!! No taxes, super simple
Very good 👍
não é possível agendar pagamentos Está melhorando!!!!
O app não abre mais
Top
Better than most.
Melhor app
Não sei se gosto mais das novidades do app ou de ler o release notes... 😍
O melhor banco digital atualmente.
Consegui criar a conta e usar em literalmente 10 minutos, mil vezes melhor que os concorrentes.
The greatest bank of all time
Great
Super prático!!
Melhor banco digital.
Perfect
Muito bom, recomendo
não abre mais, não consigo usar o cartão.
Esse app rock! 🤟
Gostei
Desde a última atualização há três semanas o app não funciona no meu xiaomi!!!
O app é bom, mas falta reconhecimento biométrico e uma função de recarregar celular com saldo da conta.
Muito bom!
MENU precisa melhorar.
Since the last update the app crashes all the time! It not only became useless, but it is preventing me from using my money. Fix the app, please! Galaxy S7, Android 7
App prático, conciso e bonito. Além do serviço ser excelente! como sugestão, há a possibilidade de bloquear o cartao virtual, porém manter exceções de cobranças? Digo isso pois deixo meu cartão virtual bloqueado, mas existem serviços de outros aplicativos que frequentemente uso, e toda vez que eles fazem a cobrança, preciso lembrar de ir no app para desbloquear. seria interessante "adicionar exceções" para o desbloqueio do cartão.
O aplicativo trava o tempo todo.
Melhor App bancário entre os digitais, raramente dá problema, além de ser rápido e sem propagandas.
great
mt bom
M A R A V I L H O S O
depois da uktima atualizacao... abre trava e fecha
perfeito
Ótimo em tudo
o aplicativo simplesmente parou de funcionar no meu aparelho, sem qualquer notificação. e quando isso acontece, não há qualquer plano de backup na nubank: Sua conta esta simplesmente inacessível. não é possível acessar pelo browser porque depende de uma autenticação através do app (que parou de funcionar no meu caso). Tentei contactar o suporte e ka se vão dias com funcionários de diferente nomes que não resolvem o meu problema. o último apenas complicou ainda mais a minha situação.
não consigo abrir após atualização
App doesn't even open and then accuses YOU of not having an internet connection. What a joke!
the app is crashing and it is useless.. they screwed up on this last version!!!!
Até hoje tudo que testei no app funcionou com qualidade e nada ficou a desejar, ou seja, excelente app.
otimo
O app é muito bom. Funciona sem travas e faz tudo com fluidez. Mas deixo uma sugestão: a senha de login no app poderia (não obrigatoriamente) ser diferente do padrão de desbloqueio. Não é pq alguns familiares têm acesso ao meu celular, que gostaria que tivessem à minha vida financeira. Embora não consigam efetuar nenhuma transação, é uma "falha na privacidade". As notificações tb informam o qt vc recebeu em depósito e isso deveria poder ser desativado. No mais, amo a Nubank. Recomendo a todos.
estou tendo dificuldade para baixar o app
melhor investimento
Gosto muito do servico e da app mas deveria se considerar adicionar a opção de recarga de telefone e bilhete único
O Melhor banco!
Está bem ruim a última atualização, pois o app informa que estou sem internet, mesmo eu estando conectato 24hr/7. Este tipo de erro apareceu bem no último dia da fatura, oportuno não?
Thank you so much! Please give a little more attention to the elderly over 40 years old... Muchas gracias! Por favor, presten un poco más de atención a las personas mayores de 40 años...
Péssimo, não respondem ao pedido de novo cadastro.
bom goood
app bom, atendimento excelente👍👏😆
Depois que atualizei parou de funcionar
Desde o último update, se tornou inutilizável. Não consigo usar o app, não consigo fazer nenhuma operação
Nubank 💜💜💜 ATENDIMENTO RÁPIDO E PERSONALIZADO. BANCO INCRÍVEL.
Eu não consigo acessar minha conta, depois que entro com o CPF e a senha o App reinicia e volt a pra tela inicial
app bom mas não estou conseguindo pagar boleto galaxy s10
NuBank is an excellent credit card although after it expires I will never use it again. I'm using for at least two years now and never missed a payment. I've been trying to get a bigger limit for 6 months and nothing. So I'm changing for a credit card that is giving me a better limit
O Nubank é ótimo pelo fato de não existirem taxas abusivas. A única coisa que eu gostaria de sugerir seria a possibilidade de controlar os gastos do mês de acordo com categorias, como no app do BB, pois isso facilita muito para quem não quer extrapolar nos gastos.
prefiro o inter
Excelente! Melhor banco que ja usei!! A experiência do aplicativo é excelente tbm e muito prática. Parabéns a toda a equipe Nubank. No meu celular, Xiaomi Mi 9, o desbloqueio por digital não funciona, só o normal. Mas o ícone da digital aparece na tela e não tem ação alguma. No meu antigo celular, tbm um Xiaomi, Mi 8, nele não tinha a opção do desbloqueio por digital. Nao sei se isso é um bug, mas se for, arrumem. Caso contrário, seria uma ótima melhoria na segurança. Obrigado.
Amazing
It does not open in my cellphone (Mi 9)
top demais! melhor app de banco.
App bem intuitivo e simples. Bem transparente nos processos
excelente
adoroo o Nubank... só podia melhora o programa de pontos é pouco atrativo.
Funcionalidades incríveis, atendimento incrível.
incrível...não tem como eu agradecer mais por eles existirem na minha vida financeira
Simplicidade extrema (nem sempre é o melhor). Não entendam mal, praticamente troquei o Bradesco pelo Nubank pela simplicidade de uso do app, mas eu gostsria que o app oferecesse ferramentas de gerenciamento financeiro. Por exemplo, seria legal se o app classificasse nossos gastos por tipo, se ele mostrasse em gráficos pra onde nosso dinheiro está indo.
um dos melhores
great app
ótimo, poderia colocar a opção de cobrança automática da fatura do cartão
depois de reinicializar a senha de acesso nao consigo logar novamente, fiz varias tentativas de reinstalar o app
O atalho do app nao abre. tenho que ir no google play e mandar abrir.
Excelente!!
melhor cartāo e banco!
simple, direct and easy.
Only love
atendimento excepcional e serviço de qualidade, até ganhei uma cartinha e uma camiseta de presente, só amor.
Melhor banco 💗
Gostaria que a Nubank desse aos clientes a possibilidade de pagar boletos e parcelar a fatura através do app.
amazing
Melhor App pra pagamentos
Muito bom!!
Nao estou conseguindo fazer login na minha conta
top
muito bom o app
excellent loved the app very practical to use and simple
Simples. Vai ao ponto.
otimo aplicativo e banco, pratico em tudo que preciso fazer
Awesome
great
This is the best!!! Excelente pra compras nacionais. Usei pela primeira vez para compras internacionais, e foi perfeito! Parabéns ao time NuBank!!!
Uso um samsung a3 e desde a ultima atualização não consigo abrir o app, como vou usar a minha nuconta????????????????????????????
simplesmente o melhor!!!
simple and good
Após a última atualização, não consigo mais alterar as categorias.
quase lá, ganha 4 quando melhorar preço das recompensas, ganha 5 se tiver conta universitária e / ou opções de ações tesouro ou binárias.
Melhor banco digital do Brasil Nubank é sem dúvidas o melhor banco digital do Brasil no momento. Excelente produtos, excelente app e atendimento inacreditavelmente rápido.
Melhor banco de todos !!
Ótimo app, intuitivo e prático, além de poder ser customizado com os atalhos que mais usamos. Me divirto lendo os release notes 😂😂😂 amo.
melhor Banco de todos
amazing
Simplesmente TOP! Aplicativo completo para gerenciar os gastos com o cartão de crédito e fazer os pagamentos. Recomendo!!!
the best
Melhor atendimento que já vi, rápido e eficiente, nota 10!!!
muito top 😍😍🤩
this is a perfect app.
the Best card for sale may international
Tenho uma sugestão: por motivos de segurança, vocês poderiam fazer uma atualização no app para automaticamente sair da conta quando ele for fechado no celular.
Melhor coisa da minha vida foi fazer o cartao NU. Indico sem medo de errar!!
É o melhor banco moderno. App muito fácil de usar.
ótima Fintech e aplicativo, só requiro um controle no limite di contacless. ;p
eu tambem sou Nu
Instalei recentemente e tive um problema na parte de tirar foto com documento para cadastro, onde alterar para a câmera frontal crashava o app (dispositivo: Xperia x compact), tive que tirar foto com câmera traseira. Ademais estou aguardando envio do cartão.
Um dos melhores cartão de crédito sem anuidade. Pode confiar. Eu aprovo até a presente data Julho de 2019.
excellent thank you so much
Não existe flexibilidade nenhuma no Nubank. Para você poder aumentar seu 
limite, ou você usa todo o limite do cartão ou você precisa efetuar 
pagamento antecipado. Você conversa no chat com a equipe e eles são 
totalmente irredutíveis, mesmo explicando toda a situação! Arrependido de 
ter contratado este cartão!
Simplesmente o melhor aplicativo de banco da Play Store
chegou meu cartão nossa que bonito cartão e assim que eu vi o jeito que eles mandaram meu cartão já acreditei em qualidade do NU
good
show
Amor incondicional a esse roxinho. Atendimento excelente e plataforma simples e fácil de usar.
O app simplemente não funciona. Tento entrar e reinicia o app.
melhor banco!
excelente
excellent!
Parou de funcionar no meu celular zenfone 2 da Asus, e agora? Devo trocar de celular ou de banco? Que tiro no pé heim Nubank?
Infelizmente a obsolescência programada está forçando a trocar de celular, um que tem 4GB de RAM não suporta mais as atualizações que virão, já solicitei a portabilidade de salário e um outro cartão de crédito para abandonar o Nu, o qual gostava tanto.
Melhor app, melhor serviço, melhor marketing! Simples amo!
Melhor banco digital.
Depois de 5 anos de uso, simplesmente, atualizam o app, deixa com erro e fala que não vai dar mais nenhum tipo de suporte para a versão 5 do android.
Desde quando comecei a usar o nubank (acredito que em 2017), quando só havia o cartão de crédito, o app sempre funcionou bem. Realmente não lembro de ter travado alguma vez. Com o advento da conta corrente digital, e agora a função débito e guardar dinheiro, etc, a interface ainda é fácil de utilizar. O único motivo da nota não ser 5/5 é porque ainda não foi implementada leitura biométrica (no meu caso, impressão digital no meu aparelho). De resto, parabéns aos desenvolvedores pelo bom trabalho.
Eu amo vocês
Depois desta última atualização não estou mais recebendo as notificações das compras no meu cartão. Está é uma função muito importante, por favor me ajudem a corrigir isso.
sensacional, outro patamar. :)
Vcs são bom demais!
Esse cartão é um dos melhores, sem dúvidas.
sensacional
desde as últimas atualizações ele parou de funcionar no meu celular. já entreu em contato pedindo providências. alguma previsão para resolver esse bug??
Perfeito
Muito bom
Pow, amo a Nubank, mas nessa última atualização bugou meu app, não consigo mais gerar boleto para depósito na Nuconta, por favor arrumem isso, dai volto as 5 estrelas. :)
amo o roxinho. nao sei viver sem ele
Pra mim o melhor cartão de crédito!
No começo é um beem burocrático para aceitar você como cliente, tem que tentar algumas boas vezes, mas depois que você está dentro, se apaixona! Chat rápido para futuras dúvidas, cartão ótimo, bonito, eficiente com contactless, cartão virtual, tudo de bom! Aplicativo bem projetado informando tudo o que você quer saber, tudo bem categorizado e de fácil acesso. 10/10 #SouNu💜
Ótimo aplicativo, bem como o cartão. amei.
O app é otimo facil de mexer, mas por algum motivo nao está abrindo no meu celular, tentei de tudo e simplesmente nao abre, já atualizou duas vezes o app e mesmo assim nao resolveu
Depois da última atualização, o app fecha logo que é aberto. Aparelho: zenfone 5.
Amo esse cartão!!! Muito bom! Transparente, sem taxas, sem pegadinhas e com um excelente atendimento no chat. Continuem sempre assim, aprimorando cada vez mais e oferendo o melhor para as pessoas.
Great app!
otimo banco
My app is crashing all the time since the last update ... it didn't use to crash like this...
it's the best for sure.
Very good
Ultima atualização veio toda cagada.. sumiu o link pra acessar o app, só consigo abrir pelo Play Store...
excelente aplicativo, banco e tudo... simplesmente 11/10!!!
Além de ótimo banco, o app funciona sem travamento e erros. Roxinho é mt brabo
Muito bom
Um ano sem conseguir sair quando abro o app pela notificação de transferência realizada. Não é possível que seja tão difícil arrumar isso. Update: agora além de não conseguir sair do app ao abrir pela notificação de transferência, trava tudo e não consigo nem usar o próprio app.
Paguei uma fatura atrasada para liberar minha conta, boleto gerado pelo app. Porém quando compensou o pagamento, eles disseram que já tinha gerado juros, e não desbloqueou meu cartão. Entrem em contato pelo chat, que em problemas simples sempre foram muito simpáticos, desta vez finalizaram o chat antes mesmo de sanar todas minhas dúvidas. Atendente Elenildo.
Since last update the app crashes constantly, the problem was known and reported on beta version but the developers choose to push a bugged version into production, and since you can't use bank functions without the app, it's getting pretty much useless beyond the credit card.
não sou muito de escrever feedbacks mas que app meus amigos ! que empresa 👏🏿👏🏿
it's amazing
App trava e fecha no meu Asus Zenfone 2 com Android 6.0.1 desde o mês passado.
good app, but the main menu is a little bit confuse.
o serviço é muito bom, mas o aplicativo está consumindo a bateria e memória do meu celular. fica o tempo todo rodando em background e avacalhando com o celular.
muitos pagaria para ter esse cartão e o melhor de tudo ele é de graça.
Worst bank ever!
É um ótimo banco, só que não liberam mais limite de Crédito, faz uns 6 meses que peço aumento e recebo uma Resposta negativa automática. Pelo menos avaliem a situação, sinto que minha Solicitação é rerornada por um bot.
A última estrela virá quando o saque na rede 24 horas for de graça igual o banco Inter, ai eu finalmente cancelo minha conta do Bradesco.
Excelente em tudo
Excelente 🤗
Não funciona pra OnePlus 3 O app buga na hora de tirar foto do RG
not working on asus zenphone 5 since last update
O melhor aplicativo de todos. Muita praticidade, rapidez, comodidade, fácil de mexer e sem nenhuma burocracia. Sem falar do cartão mais top que conheço. A cada dia, curto mais. Parabéns, Nubank. 💜💜💜💜
O aplicativo e cartão em si são bons mas a incapacidade de usar o cartão juntamente com Samsung pay me desestimula bastante
Excelente app para um excelente banco digital.
Ótimo app, ótimos serviços! O corte ficou excelente, fabuloso!
nice app to have everything you need regarding money on your hand...
Perfect app and bank
Not working on Zenfone 2, Android 5.0
Awesome! Bah! Bem Loco!
excelente! muito amor por esse banco!
Not working on Asus zenfone 2, since last month its a shame.
muito bom
The first credit card we never forget! I am having a wonderful experience with this modernized bank! Congratulations for providing us such a great platform!
Melhor app de banco da história. As vezes fico só um pouquinho perdido com a estrutura do design.. mas é muito bom!
Sensacional. tem nem o que dizer, tanto o app quanto o serviço prestado são de auta qualidade.
Um app muito bom, muito funcional e fácil de utilizar, assim como o banco.
A ultima versão do aplicativo sumiu com os contatos que não tenham Nubank. praticamente só faço TED para uma conta e agora toda vez tenho que fornecer todos os dados da conta de destino (nome, cpf, agência e conta). Antes bastava selecionar o contato, digitar o valor e confirmar. Além disso, o cartão ficou mais inseguro com os pagamentos contactless, pois não é solicitada senha e não é possivel desabilitar essa opção.
Excelente Aplicativo ótimo, lhe fornece tudo que precisa. Tudo em real time. Serviço ótimo para utilizar cartão de crédito.
Not working on Zenfone 2 since last month :(
porque não se preocupam com atualizações importantes, como o problema do app em aparelhos da asus!?
Eu ja sabia que o app era bom, tamanha repercussão do pessoal, mas foi muiot alem do esperado. A forma como foi pensando cria uma usabilidade muito boa. Parabéns!
Tudo de bom. Só falta ter uma caixa de pesquisa nas compras com débito que não bugue e cartão virtual opção débito.
topem
Adorei o novo corte de cabelo, ficou d+ 💜
ERRO. após a atualização "aplicativo parou de funcionar" ao tentar abri-lo. tentei desinstalar e reinstalar, mesmo erro. atualizem isso por favor, quero utilizar a nuconta. Zenfone 5 T00j. Mas a Nubank é demais, sem sombra de dúvidas!
muito bom, porém ainda falta uma opção de agendar o pagamento da própria fatura do cartão nubank
Muito bom. Falta o recurso de uso do NFC para pagamentos, fora isso, ótimo aplicativo. Até o momento, a melhor opção em cartão de crédito.
🎶
Excelente App, não tenho outro cartão alem do nubank. Acho que o limite de boletos poderia ter um contador para poder controlar melhor o limite de depositos. mas excelente mesmo assim. Ps: sempre leio as notas de atualizações ahhahaa muito boas, mal posso esperar pela proxima. Obrigado Nubank por fazer meu dinheiro render enquanto não utilizo. toooop demais.
sem palavras excelente
tchau banco, olá Nubank. Resumindo foi isso o que aconteceu quando o conheci.
O leitor de código de barras do App não funciona bem, o de outros bancos lêem códigos que esse não consegue. Também não é possível excluir contatos para pagamentos, tenho contas cadastradas que sequer existem mais. Como banco é o melhor que já tive, mas o app pode melhorar.
melhor app de banco. parabens
Awesome!
Depois da última atualização o app fica fechando, voltando pra tela inicial. Um problema sério pra um app financeiro. Para a equipe de desenvolvimento:  Asus Zenfone 2 Utilizo o NuConta apenas.
incrível, o melhor so Brasil.
Nunca tive nenhum problema, amo meu roxinho.
Ainda esperando suporte a sensor de digital e compatibilidade com Samsung Pay
melho cartao de crédito do mundo !
Sabe o melhor banco, melhor atendimento, melhor conta digital, melhor cartão de crédito, melhor app, melhor release, melhor pontuação e que tem o melhor fã clube de banco? Então, é o Nubank. #SouNu
Incrível
Perfeito 💜
Otimo cartão, otimo app, otima conta digital, tudo ótimo
Estou amando. Apesar da demora pra ser aceito, finalmente estou usufruindo das funções do cartão. E que cem me surpreendendo todos os dias, Quando acho que já sei tudo, eu descubro mais coisas. Parabéns!
otimo app! tudo funciona bem so as vezes e um pouco nao intuitivo e poderia ter uma opcao de extrato mas facil de achar.
Very good app!
Magnífico!
um banco simples, como todos deveriam ser.
Melhor cartão e aplicativo!!! A única coisa que falta para ficar completo é permitir o uso do cartão através do Samsung Pay e melhorar esse limite de crédito...
Agora que o APP desbloqueia apenas com a senha do celular, estou muito mais 
satisfeito!
Melhor banco e melhor aplicativo pra ficar de olho nas suas finanças! Completamente satisfeito! E recomendo pra todos que tenho chance!!
Excelente Agora posso gastar meu dinheiro em peças de computador... e máquinas agrícolas.  Muito bom
Gosto muito do APP, super rentável. Poderia ser melhor se houvesse a opção de visualizar a foto selecionada antes desta ser enviada pelo chat do app...
ótimo.
simples de usar e o mais importante, vc tem controle de tudo
Não consigo mais utilizar de alguns dias pra cá. O app implesmente fecha do nada após uns 10 segundos depois de abrir...
amo de paixão!!
não tem mais pagamento parcial da fatura para liberar limite
A Nuconta é ótima e o aplicativo funciona muito bem nas funcionalidades que proporciona. A única ressalva do Nubank é a grande burocracia para a liberação do cartão de crédito.
Não há banco melhor que esse 💜
O cartão é maravilhoso, o aplicativo é incrível, mas ainda falta uma opção para realizar recarga de celular no próprio app com opção de usar o crédito ou débito em conta.
Instalei o aplicativo no meu celular antigo e mesmo assim ele não autoriza
Muito Prático, plataforma muito útil e organizada.
Muito bom, troquei o Itaú Personnalité pelo Nubank e não me arrependo, Itaú só me deu dor de cabeça
Eu moro numa república, e meu pai quem paga os gastos da faculdade. Para facilitar o controle dos gastos dele, decidi usar a Nuconta com essa finalidade, mas tenho um problema: o dinheiro destinado a custear minha permanência aqui, e o meu próprio dinheiro estão na mesma conta, e não consigo separar isso. Aí, por exemplo, ele deposita $200, e eu gasto $34, preciso anotar em outro lugar que do total existente, $166 pertencem ao meu pai. Seria interessante uma forma de dividir a destinação do dinheiro, esqueci o nome disso kkk, mas da mesma forma que é dividido fatura atual/restante do limite, poder dividir educação/saúde/restante na tela da Nuconta.
o melhor
It just works.
very good!
NuBank needs keywords for open the aplication.
App é bom, porém se tiver algum problema de clonagem do seu cartão você se fode pra resolver e o banco não tá nem aí e vai te cobrar a compra e ai de você se atrasar, vem os juros.
I love this app
Só falta poder sacar dinheiro de graça!
The best.
Sem problemas, atendimento praticamente istantâneo pelo app (não é um robô que te atende, é gente!), sem anuidade, fácilidade de uso inigualável. Se fosse ruim eu dizia, que eu sou desses. Recomendo.
Porque vcs não liberaram a função emprestimo pra mim ate hoje? uso o cartão a tanto tempo...
Bom, desativei o App Nubank para acelerar o na iniciação do celular, passou-se algum tempo e fui ativa-lo para usar pela primeiro vez, automaticamente o banco saiu da minha conta, fiz o login, fui usar a função de Cartão virtual, mas o app me pediu pra tirar uma Selfie de mim segurando o RG novamente como fiz no cadastro, mesmo sendo o mesmo celular, essa M### pede confirmação, há vai... Desculpe, mas por que não a confirmação da senha do Cartão ou confirmação do numero do número do RG, CPF, sei lá, nem os maiores Bancos do Brasil não fazem isso, então porque esse tem de fazer? O que é diferente atrapalha. Cancelei!.. O login no Banco Inter é mais simples mesmo mudando ou formatando o celular, eles só pedem o código enviado por SMS e NADA MAIS, é simples... Banco Inter tem vários erros graves, mas mesmo assim ele é o MELHOR do que esse Lixo.
Excelente experiência tanto no app quanto no serviço do cartão.
O problema é que a NuConta não é confiável para pagar DAS - Simples Nacional, e qualquer desavisado* igual eu uma hora irá se ferrar assim como eu me ferrei.  Acontece que esse mês derrepente não funcionou, fiz o pagamento sexta-feira 21 as 10am, a falha na transação veio apenas na segunda-feira 24 as 10:29am. Segunda tentativa segunda-feira 24 as 10:43am, recebi mensagem de "pagamento confirmado" as 11am, e depois a mensagem de falha as 8pm. Após entrar em contato com a central de atendimento a resposta que tive foi algo como "ainda não temos parceria para efetuar pagamento do DAS". Pois bem, como é que eu ia saber???
I have only good experiences being a Nubank client.
Excelente em vários sentidos. Algumas funções do cartão precisam ser aplicados na NuConta, de resto já sensacional.
Excellent!
Melhor cartão de crédito e conta digital para investir sem complexidade.
O melhor banco que existe
excelente!
Amo a Nubank, amo o aplicativo. Utilização super fácil e simples.
Prefeito
Queremos desbloqueio com a digital
Dei quatri estrelas porquê sempre pode melhorar! Mas já está muito bom!
top
Um bom app. Recomendo-o.
a good company but not good to travei with when you only have a débit card..
Amazing
Excelente app! Estável, prático e funcional! Sem contar a empresa em si que é maravilhosa! Parabéns!!! 💜
In a nutshell: AWESOME!
incrível, melhor banco que eu poderia ter
não está abrindo o app... péssimo
Muito top, continuem assim
Overpower. NuBank sempre realizando entregas de valor, proporciona uma experiência única quando se trata de operações bancárias. 0 burocracia, 0 dor de cabeça, +8000 em transparência. Para todos que tiverem oportunidade, eu recomendo os serviços da NuBank. <3
app simples, direto, sem enganacoes, simplismente perfeito
otima
app muito simples de usar.
👍
Love it
Aplicativo muito fácil de usar, com todas as funções muito intuitivas. App melhor que o de muitos bancões.
Coloquem opção de entrar no app usando digital
Nubank is incrible, I love it!
melhor banco
show
amazing
Excelente cartão de crédito e conta! Aplicativo fácil de usar!
O melhor que tem no Brasil hoje em dia .
Sou cliente desde final de 2016 e infelizmente me vi forçado a dar essa nota depois de ver que pelo aplicativo ainda não é possível gerar um simples boleto com a data atualizada da fatura, funcionalidade que antes existia nas versões mais antigas e que agora não tem mais e dizem estar trabalhando em cima. Porém me dizem isso já há meses.
ótimo!
sensational
top
O banco digital que não aceita Google ou Samsung Pay.
incrivel
Great app, great Bank!
ajudaria muito se o CHAT ficasse no menu principal.
great
Frustrante! Já tentei diversas vezes, mas nunca sou aprovado. Não tenho restrições no meu CPF, tenho o score mediano, mas mesmo assim não sou contemplado com o cartão de crédito Nubank 😣😣
Depois da atualizacao nao configura digital e entra direto na conta
quero exportar o meus gastos do cartão em Excel
cartão excelente porém não é perfeito, o aumento do limite tem muitos defeitos, ainda você pagar tudo não hora e gastar mais do que tu tem de limite por mês não tem garantizado um aumento e também não pode fazer compras que superem seu limite
Segundo melhor banco do mundo, só nao bate o inter por causa dos saques gratuitos e o interpag.
muito bom
O cartão é muito bom, mas o app é muito confuso.
Nice card, nice APP
melhor app de todos!!! Facilidade e usabilidade incrivelmente TOPs!! Tenho acesso fácil a tudo que preciso, com apenas alguns cliques!! Equipe Nu, parabéns!!!!
melhor empresa de todas
Tô tendo um problema com o aplicativo. Começou com a última atualização. quando o aplicativo fica aberto na memória, ele não abre. dai a unica opção é abrir duas vezes. na segunda vez funciona. Resumindo, o aplicativo só abre se você fechou ele completamente (tirou da memoria) a última vez que foi usado. caso contrário fica travado e tem que abrir duas vezes.
Uma porrada de problemas ainda, mais relacionados à instituição (Cartão e Conta) do que ao app propriamente dito. No app, dá uns bugs as vezes, mas corrigem relativamente rápido. A versão web do banco é inútil.
Toda vez que abro o aplicativo, diz que preciso autorizar o aparelho. Incrível. Fora que tenho colocar CPF e senha quase toda vez.
the best
Nubank é o banco para todos!
excellent
adorei o cartao, a entrega foi rápida, ótimo serviço
Awesome This is a great, simple and useful app !
me amarro
Ótimo app
Acho que a opção de guardae dinheiro deveria ser separada por cofres com nomes, e eu somente uso o cartão como débito, mas a pagina inicial mostra o de crédito primeiro, deveria ter uma opção de escolha, e também de bloquear o crédito. Também fazer o débito com os mesmos mecanismo do crédito, como os ícones e os nomes exemplo lazer!!
Melhor banco!
top
O app é excelente e a empresa também, porém, gostaria de saber se é possível desativar a função contactless do cartão , considero uma falha se segurança gravíssima . É muito incoveniente ficar desbloqueando-o o tempo todo. Poderiam me responder?
App ótimo, bem intuitivo, possue uma faq bem completa e um chat bem acessível! Estou com o nubank a anos e nunca tive o que reclamar quanto ao serviço e atendimento prestados... Deixo uma sugestão quanto à investimentos, acredito que muitos clientes colocam o dinheiro na nuconta pela praticidade e rentabilidade melhor que a poupanca, porém acho que poderiam ter outras opções de investimento com rentabilidade ainda maior para os clientes poderem escolher e melhorar ainda mais nossa experiência!
Por favor uma sugestão, será que poderia criar um atalho com o saldo disponível,vai facilitar muito , e se for possível um SMS para saber o saldo da conta corrente Grato
melhor Banco Digital atualmente! Muito estável, compatível com leitor de digital para bloquear o App, isso achei magnífico.
rápido mas precisa de senha
Melhor banco ever!
O aplicativo poderia indicar qual cartão foi usada em cada compra, o físico ou o virtual.
Excelente! Nubank sempre dando show. Espero que continue melhorando. A ideia de uma conta para uma conta digital pode ser aprofundada em breve, além do acesso à um cartão de débito. Vocês também sabem como atender ao cliente. Dinamismo, boa linguagem e praticidade resumem vocês. Resultado: sucesso!
Top
we want google pay
Very good, great app for manager cards
MELHOR DE TODOS 😍💜
Amo o Nubank e gosto do app, mas ele é muito pesado, o que torna difícil mantê-lo instalado por muito tempo.
Excepcional
excelente
Não consigo desbloquear meu cartão de débito e não consigo acessar a conta pelo computador, o App não acabei a o QR code..
melhor banco online!
Excelente!
Depois da última atualização o app ficou lento e na maioria das vezes nao abre, fica só na página inicial roxa com o logo. Por favor, consertem isso!
melhor banco e melhor cartao que ja tive na vida! facil de resolver, tudo na palma da mão! sou cliente desde de 2015 e não tenho NENHUMA reclamação. indiquei e indico para todos os amigos e familiares. AMO meu roxinho 💜
Muito bom, mas apresenta um pequeno problema para mim, na íntegração com o Guia Bolso é mandado o saldo da conta + o valor guardado, acredito que isso poderia ser enviado separado ou ainda mandar somente o valor real da conta, tirando esse valor guardado
Esse app é uma maravilha, assim como tudo no Nubank, facilita minha vida. Amo de paixão.
O melhor banco digital agora com função de débito. Transferências doc e ted sem taxas para qualquer instituição financeira. Sensacional!
A melhor conta digital que ja usei. Prática, rápida, com um layout incrivel e intuitivo.
melhor banco e melhor aplicativo
Melhor app, roxinho <3
Viva Nubank. Chora Banco... Com Nubank n me sinto enganado, não existem aquelas coisas malucas difíceis de entender e nem tem aqueles descontos q a gnt nem sabe pq q descontou. Nubank é vida!
Indeed, it is the best one! :)
Uma experiência muito boa com o Nu bank. Mas poderia melhorar a ferramenta de gerenciamento de gastos, inserindo gráficos e campos para anotações.
Melhor banco do Brasil.
Se o aplicativo fosse desenvolvido completamente de forma nativa, seria muito melhor. O contexto da NuConta que foi feito em React Native é um lixo.
Great app.
Naisu
Melhor cartão, melhor equipe de suporte, melhor aplicativo, melhores atualizações, melhor chat, cartão mais bonito!! São tantas características...
ultima atualização deixou a inicialização lenta. As notificações funcionam de boas. Na hora de abrir o que o travamento ocorre.
useful app
Amando e super indico!!! 😍
Melhor banco do mundo
melhor conta digital do mundo!
Melhor cartão, melhor app
Ótimo app. Espero que possam implementar uma função para recarregar os 
créditos do celular através da NuConta!
Excelente, uso e recomendo. Sem taxas e com um atendimento sensacional. Único defeito é não funcionar com Google pay ainda.
Qualquer elogio é mera redundância.
muito bom só falta dar mais limites
Amo de coração, melhor de todos. ❤️
Melhor fintech que existe... Parabéns pelo atendimento, nota 10000
Tudo fácil de acessar pelo app, esperando para poder fazer recargas de celular também.Muito bom!!!
#somosnu este serviço é muito excelente e ainda mais o app! parabéns
Falta a opção de entrar no App com a digital
The best!
Best bank ever
ótimo
excelente banco, excelentes serviços, excelente atendimento.
Ótimo aplicativo. bonito, rapido, eficiente e intuitivo, além de possuir o melhor SAC que já vi.
The best ones...
Awesome app and service!
Bom cartão, creio que vai se tornar o melhor do Brasil!
very good, im very satisfied
O aplicativo não aceita o pagamento de um boleto com data de ontem, sendo que ontem era feriado. Fiquei mais de meia hora no telefone, não consegui resolver ("política da empresa" foi a resposta, o que quer que isso queira dizer???) e teria que paga ir em um banco pagar com multa...
Só falta o limite emergençial.
App maravilhoso, muito prático, muito fácil de usar.
Deslogou minha conta e agora diz que está sem Internet, refiz download e continua dando o mesmo problema de Login.
Melhor banco ever!!
AMEI a nova ferramenta de "Guardar Dinheiro". Eu realmente axhava um pouco confuso o débito, pagamento e rendimento ser no mesmo lugar, agora ficou bem mais organizado! meus parabéns à equipe!!!!
seria bom se tivesse compatibilidade com o google pay, hoje em dia coneidero muito importante essa feature
Melhor app
o aplicativo está perdendo a configuração de segurança quando é atualizado.
otimo app.
Gostaria de desativar meu contacless do meu cartão ( pagamento via NFC) como posso fazer isso?
qual o problema com essa empresa?? O que quer dizer com "de acordo com nossa analise seu perfil não foi aprovado" Eu ia pedir meu primeiro cartão de credito com vocês e pelo jeito vocês ainda nao funcionam bem. Estou realmente decepcionada
Gosto demais do Nubank, é o meu único cartão. O problema é que está muito difícil aumentar limite com eles. Já enviei documentos atualizados, já requisitei por vários motivos específicos, e não é aprovado. Infelizmente terei novamente de ceder a outras instituições e ter outro cartão de crédito, pois com o limite que tenho, não posso nem cogitar em viajar e usar esse cartão internacionalmente. Se um dia isso for resolvido, edito o meu comentário e darei 5 estrelas sem sombra de dúvidas!
solução digital contra a burocracia e taxas abusivas de bancos tradicionais. Evolucao de um serviço.
Sugestão: Criem uma opção nas configurações do app para esconder o dinheiro guardado na NuConta, assim vai ficar bem separado e só acessível se a pessoa deliberadamente quiser revelar a quantia voltando nas configurações.
good
Increíble
Best app ever! Aplicativo simples e intuitivo, muito facil de usar. Tudo isso graças ao carinho que a equipe tem com o serviço deles!
Seria interessante se pudesse escolher uma senha para abrir o App diferente da senha de desbloqueio do celular
Esse banco é muito o amor da minha vida
Excepcional!!
amo vcs
Muito bom, porém perderam mais uma estrela: ainda falta uma proteção por digital. Do jeito que está, qualquer um que tenha acesso ao meu celular desbloqueado, consegue acessar o app. O motivo de ter perdido mais uma estrela é que não dá pra usar com Google Pay, nem Samsung Pay, etc. E isso é impressionante para um banco que se diz digital.
Estupendo, excelente, incrível o app do Nubank
I love it
it's amazing!!
Top!
nao consigo fazer transferências para outros bancos
Muito fácil de utilizar, é bem intuitivo. Um ponto a observar é que, enquanto não selecionamos o botão 'sair da conta', ele fica aberto indefinidamente. Talvez, após um tempo de inatividade devesse fechar automaticamente por segurança.
melhor banco, sem mais
falta alguns detalhes
meu roxinho predileto!!! perfeito!
chegou as 5 estrelas pra mim só pela descrição dos updates que eu sempre leio e acho muito legal hahaha
great!
Um ano no Nu. Gosto e recomendo. Banco sério. App ótimo. Zero problemas. Zero tarifas e TEDs sem custo. No cartão, opções débito e sem-contato (contactless). Atendimento ao cliente por email é excelente, professional com toque amistoso. No BB deixei só conta essencial.
pessoal, nao esta ok para o android 10. crasha ao clicar em login
Já foi bom, mas parece que estão inventando funcionalidades que são entregues pela metade. Contactless sem possibilidade de configuração de valor ou desativação, impossibilidade de alterar a senha do cartão, erro no reconhecimento de pagamento de fatura caso o boleto seja agendado na NuConta... No último caso passei duas horas falando com o suporte para tentar resolver a situação para ter meu cartão bloqueado por falta de pagamento no dia seguinte. Ainda aguardando solução.
Nao consigo fazer login nunca nesse app. As vezes quero ver meus gastos etc e o servidor esta sempre fora do ar. Sempre aparece 'tivemos um problema em carregar os dados'. Pfv, melhorem seus servidores ou me digam como proceder.
Seria muito bom se o app fosse capaz de reconhecer as impressões digitais além do Touch ID.
Muito bom, sempre inovando!
Sem dúvidas o melhor aplicativo para cartão de crédito/conta corrente. A usabilidade é um ponto impecável. Tudo pode ser muito bem identificado e a leitura dos dados financeiros é muito bem planejada. Nubank não está de parabéns somente pelo serviço inovador de altíssima qualidade, também pelo aplicativo que fora muito bem construído e constantemente disponível.
excellent
Melhor banco e app!
amo
The best bank I've used. It's been almost a year since I've started on it and I'm not going back.
prático e fácil de usar.
Prático, atencioso, seguro, ótimo. Edit: Deixa você (leitor de release), ansioso pelas novas atualizações.
the best!
aplicativo leve, fácil de usar e o banco com inúmeras vantagens!
Ótimo
Interface fácil, simples e direta com um atendimento no chat muito rápido.
Demora para chegar o cartão
muito bom
Aplicativo facil de usar porém deveria ter opcao de colocar uma senha para acessa-lo.
Estou esperando desde 2017, ate hoje não consegui o cartão.
muito bom, porem toda vez a mesma msg "nao foi possivel atualizar seus eventos, tente novamente mais tarde" :/
COMENTARIO
Existe banco ruim, existe banco péssimo e existe a caixa, que é tudo isso junto.
Burocracia demais pra acessar o app. Data de onde vc trabalhou; quando saiu de lá. Tem N formas de comprovar dados e tinha que ser logo o mais fácil de não acertar? Pedem cadastro de CPF pra quê?
Parou de funcionar ... Aparecia.minhas contas e o saldo disponível oara o novo saque do FGTS. Aora ttodas as contas desapareceram e o saldo está ZERO!!!! Por favor corrijam esse problema e deixem o aplicativo funcionando. Alguém mais está tendo esse tipo de oroblema? O atendimento na Caixa é impossível e nao respondem pelos canais digitais.
Eu tenho dois NIS um que nunca usei pois está errado e um atualizado, o app usou o errado e não exibe nenhuma informação pois naquele NIS nao tem mesmo. E agora?
Não estou conseguindo fazer o Login, sempre aparece uma mensagem "não é possível fazer o Login, tenta mais tarde".
Fizeram alguma atualizacao recente no sistema e parou de funcionar. Isso aconteceu tanto na versao antiga quanto na versao nova. A caixa parou no tempo, nao criam apps baseados na melhor experiencia para o usuario.
Terrible
Nao funciona
A versão nova é bem mais estável. parabéns pelo trabalho.
O App não me permite login: coloco login e senha e o App fecha...
Depois da última atualização o app passou a usar autenticação da Caixa, apagando o meu acesso. O site novo de acesso da Caixa só dá erro e o aplicativo agora está inutilizável. Zero estrelas se fosse possível.
O app não manda a confirmação para meu email e com isso não consigo realizar o login. Mudaram pra piorar o acesso. Clico na opção de reenviar código pra meu email e nada chega. Revejam isso, por fvr!
Não dá pra acessar. Já tá assim há dias.
Não entra no app. Sempre usei a . mesma senha e após a atualização não estou conseguindo logar. Favor corrigir erro. Fiz a opção esqueci minha senha no site da caixa mas mesmo com a senha nova não entra.
Percebi e vim ver se era só no meu dispositivo que o App parou de funcionar, e tudo que me indica é que é problema no App mesmo.... Por favor, arrumem isso o mais breve possível!
Continua funcionando para mim. A nova versão pede o recadastramento Rápido e intuitivo.
antes conseguia acessar, após atualização aparece a mensagem: Seu PIS está inconsistente no cadastro da CAIXA. Para regularizar essa situação, por gentileza procure uma agência
msg de pis inconsistente. nao deixa logar
Não funciona
Após a última atualização, toda vez que faço login tenho que "comprovar" que sou eu respondendo às perguntas. Até aí tudo bem. Porém toda vez que respondo (com a ctps do lado, sem dúvidas) e ponho minha conta bancária (que vez outra aparece nas perguntas), não consigo acessar e diz que os dados não conferem. Por que tudo que é do governo é tão burocrático e/ou não funciona? Algo que era pra adiantar, só atrasa a vida das pessoas!
Aplicativo simplesmente não aceita mais meu login, aparece usuário inválido ou bloqueado ou inexistente, quando tento pelo navegador no PC funciona normalmente.
Nao funciona mais depois do update. Sistema indisponível. antes funcionava
A versão anterior funcionava muito bem e eu conseguia ter acesso às minhas contas, ver o extrato e tudo mais. Agora só pede para tentar fazer login, te força a criar nova conta usando o CPF, mas não funciona. Trava dizendo que os dados estão inconsistentes e manda ir a uma agência fazer o saque. Eu não quero fazer saque algum, só quero consultar minhas contas para ver meus extratos como conseguia fazer antes.
Esperar que algo do governo funciona é complicado. Na parte de cadastrar você digita todos os dados, faz o captcha e o botao de cadastrar nao fica habilitado.
Apos atualizacao para nova versao,da mensagem de pis inconsistente,porem via site da caixa ,acesso ocorre normalmemte
A nova atualização não funciona. Não faz sentido mais ter esse aplicativo, vou desinstalar.
ótimo. esse é o melhor governo
incrível App!! ficou muito fácil de usar!
Aplicativo bom. O unico problema foi que não mostra uma das contas inativas que tenho.
Nao consigo fazer logout no app...
A versão anterior era muito melhor apenas exigia uma conexão intermediaria poucas vezes sentir um app decair tanto em uma unica atualzação. Fica a sensação que o App não foi testado simplesmente publicaram para ver o que os usuarios vão reportar de bug. Não recomendo essa versão acessem o extrato pelo navegador.
se voces criam um app q nao funciona entao pra que perder tempo ? e fazer os outros de besta !
Depois da atualização não abre mais.
Não dá mais para pegar o extrato via PDF. Arrumem isso, por favor.
Horrível! Depois dessa nova versão diz que não foram localizadas contas FGTS a serem exibidas...
O app ate que funciova bem. Mas fizeram uma atualização que redireciona pra CEF. Dai ja viu, entrou em loop, ficou louco, pegou toda burocracia da CEF e nāo funciona mais.... Alguém deve esta feliz com o que fizeram, menos os usuários...
Após a atualização bugada nada funciona, aponta para o site da caixa, não permite fazer nada, apresenta erros....verdadeiro lixo....nem percam tempo baixando
Does not work at all
Consertem esse bug. Estragaram o app!
Eu não quero realizar o saque automático mas o aplicativo não me dá essa opção. Ele simplesmente fala que o depósito será feito na data X!
Péssima atualização, não da para fazer mais nada, ele diz que o codigo esta inválido.
app com bug 2 dias tetando e diz pra tentar mais tarde pq nao pode acessar no momento
ficou ótimo a nova atualização. top!
Que método ridículo de autenticação é esse, mano? Todos os bancos tem informações mais sensiveis e importantes que vcs e nenhum deles pergunta quando saímos da empresa x ou y! Tem um pequeno detalhe: pessoas podem ter trabalhado e saído da mesma empresa 10 vezes, qual o ano ele vai responder? Qual ano é correto?
Gostei bastante da nova versão.
o app nao esta carregando os extratos completos
Atualizaram o app e agora não aparecem minhas contas.
Sistema estava bom quando realmente era um APP, agora que passou a ser uma página da caixa não consigo logar, como qualquer sistema da caixa. Webview não eh APP amiguinhos programadores. E o pior q eh um site q nem funciona!!
muito ruim o app, parece que e direcionado ao site, se for assim acesso o site e nao preciso do app.
Nao funciona mais, antes dava pra usar acessando pelo PIS, agora pede pra cria conta com cpf, porém depois disso so aparece sistema indisponível
Tive problema para me autenticar, porque eu tinha trabalhado duas vezes na mesma empresa, e quando me perguntava o ano que comecei ou saí da empresa, não sabia sobre qual período o APP estava perguntando. Depois, quando consegui logar, a consulta de extrato é outras consultas não funcionam, muito provavelmente é o serviço que está com intermitência.
Após a atualização ficou um lixo, erro de aplicativo indisponível praticamente toda hora. muito melhor a versão e modo de login anteriores!
Carrega a tela de instruções e quando se clica no botão continuar o aplicativo congela. #Ridiculo
Após atualização não funciona.
Não funciona
O aplicativo após a última atualização está com problemas, não apresenta as contas que o usuário possui e fica aparecendo uma modal reportando que o aplicativo está com problemas.
O app simplesmente não funciona. Recebo a mensagem de serviço indisponivel, tente mais tarde todas as vezes.
não funciona depois da atualização
funciona mal
Continua um lixo, fala q tem q criar login e senha pra versao nova do APP, o processo e feito e depois cai numa mensagem de sistema indisponivel, padrao CAIXA
Incrivel como entidades publicas parecem nao ter capacidade de fazer algo de qualidade, ainda mais relacionado a tecnologia. Nao funciona.
Após a nova versão, não consigo acessar... O app me faz três perguntas e depois diz que eu errei uma das respostas (tenho certeza que não tem nada errado)
O aplicativo ate era razoável, mas depois dessa atualização só aparece a mensagem de Serviço Indisponível e pede para tentar novamente mais tarde... Só se for nunca esse mais tarde
parabens Bolsominions, conseguiram estragar mais uma coisa
ate o upgrade do app em 04/08/19 eu tinta accesso total a minhas contas e extratos. agora estou bloqueado e o App só informa para tentar mais tarde.
meu fgts nao esta vinculado ao cpf. ridiculo isso
horrível, depois que atualizou nao consigo mais acessar
Depois que mudou a forma de acesso não consigo mais usar. É sempre assim, chega gente nova e o que funcionava não serve, está tudo errado, vamos mudar tudo porque nós é que sabemos das coisas. Precisa resolver logo os problemas de acesso. Para o cidadão o que o interessa é o serviço e não vaidades.
Pediu pra desinstalar o app antigo. Eu fiz, instalei o novoe continua pedindo pra desinstalar o antigo... agora nenhim finciona...nenhum aplicativo de órgão público funciona direito. impressionante.
Serviços publicos já são horriveis, e aparentemente isso não se limita a gestão. Aplicativo muito mal feito, se me derem a API, um lanche com suco eu faria melhor.
aplicativo não abre e trava!!
O app está com bug!
Depois da atualização o app não funciona mais (direito), entro e aparece que não tem conta cadastrada no meu cpf
Aplicativo simples e intuitivo. Irá facilitar o monitoramento de muitos quanto ao deposito do FGTS por parte do empregador.
Não consigo acessar. nem pedir senha nova, embora eu tenha senha. O que fazer? Só dá errado.
simplesmente não funciona.
Trava demais, erros de excessão a todo momento. Quase não consegui validar o cadastro, apesar das informações estarem corretas. Simplesmente horrível!
Essa versão está perfeita
Era bom, depois da última atualização, o aplicativo não acessa a conta, apresentando a seguinte mensagem, 'serviço indispensável, tente novamente mais tarde'
Conseguiram estragar um aplicativo que era pra ser simples. Estava tudo OK, conseguia consultar minhas contas. Agora após a atualização diz que meus dados estão incorretos e preciso procurar uma agência. Por que fazer isso? Por que não deixar compatível? Vou ter que ir até a uma agência fisicamente pra poder fazer funcionar algo que já estava funcionando!
Depois da atualização, fiz o cadastro mas não consigo mas acessar, diz que meu PIS esta inconsistência no cadastro da caixa! E tenho que ir até uma agência pra regularizar... Até o momento estava tudo correto, agora vou ter que ir até a agência pra verificar isso!
Anges de atualizar funcionava tudo certinho, depois de atualizar fiz o cadastro e agora diz que meu pis é inconsistente. WTF is this?
façam um site funcuonal. ninguém precisa de um aplicativo para cada serviço!
coloco todos os meus dados corretamente e o app insiste em dizer que o nome da minha mãe está incorreto , 1 mês ja tentando e bloqueando senha
Um lixo. Quando coloco as informações, some a barra de próximo.
so diz que o tempo de conexao expirou. lixo de app
não funciona
muitos erros já no login....não consigo entrar
Bloqueio da senha sem nenhum motivo ou erro
RG errado? Serio mesmo? Alem disso me bloqueiam por 7 dias, esses caras atigem um outro nivel de incopetencia, parece que o governo so contrata antas pra trabalhar em seus sites e programas, e de dar odio no caracao.
LIXOOOO NÃO FUNCIONA E AINDA BLOQUEIA SUA SENHA NO SITE!!SÓ DEI 1 ESTRELA PQ NÃO TEM COMO DAR ZERO!!!LIXOOO!!!!
Só funcionou as primeiras vezes que usei, depois não entra mais, alega uma falha com o servidor
app com arquitetura horrível e cheio de erros, tentei inúmeras vezes entrar na conta e me deparei com vários erros diferentes. Quando não atingia o tempo limite para conectar no servidor, voltava e falava que não era possível atender o requisito e pedia para tentar de novo em alguns instantes. Apenas dor de cabeça.
não funciona. sempre da erro ao estabelecer conexão com o servidor.
Horrivel um app de consulta aonde VOCÊ NÃO CONSEGUE CONSULTAR, ABSURTO e ainda bloqueia agente
não consigo passar da tela de verificação dos dados para o primeiro acesso
péssimo, instável, não funciona
Não funciona.
Depois de digitar todas as informações para o primeiro acesso, não aparece nenhum comando de "próximo". É simplesmente impossível de utilizar.
Obviamente, como todo App ligado a Caixa, não funciona. Não consegui nem logar no app
O aplicativo é literalmente péssimo e engessado... não consegui fazer nenhum tipo de consulta.
Não foi possível nem me cadastrar por reclamar do preenchimento de alguns dados, mesmo informando os nomes completos.
gostei bem facilitado
Satisfeito, sem problemas
bom
otimo
Aplicativo muito bom, rápido e fácil de usar
Informa rg incorreto...
Facilita o acesso às informações de modo satisfatório.
na hora de criar senha , ele nao deixa , bloqueou a conta app ruim
Não é possível fazer o cadastro. Após preencher os dados o app trava.
Lixo
infelizmente ele invalida informações corretas , como RG
Bloqueiou meu acesso ao infomar o RG. Apontava que estava errado mas nãoo eatava.
bloqueou meu cadastro, insistiu que os dados corretos estavam errados
Aplicativo funcionando perfeitamente
Atualizei o endereço com facilidade pelo App. No site do FGTS essa função estava com problema.
Muitas falhas até conseguir logar no app. Muita inconsistência na navegação
Aplicativo péssimo, trava e não consigo acessar nada.
Uma b*sta! Nunca abre! Só dá erro, direto!
O sistema está sempre indisponível e as requisições sempre dão time out. Falta muito, mas muuuito feedback pro usuário. Não explicam direito como os dados devem ser colocados no cadastro. É ruim. Ruim mesmo.
Caçamba de lixo. Fala que não consegue processar minha operação quando faço login. Aiai viu
Aguardando que melhorem o aplicativo, o mesmo era bom mas com essa atualização não consigo nem me conectar. Diz sempre que o tempo de acesso expirou.
Simplesmente não funciona. Fica carregando e mostra msg de tempo expirado ou algo do tipo tente novamente mais tarde.
Constantemente não permite a consulta do saldo do FGTS (tente novamente mais tarde). Faz 5 dias estou tentando acessar. Se funcionasse com maior confiabilidade, seria um ótimo app por ser simples e direto,permitindo uma consulta rápida mesmo com uma Internet mais lenta.
Não funciona
Não funciona há muito tempo.
Aplicativo lixo.. sistema lixo.. tudo lixo..
Terrível
Faz semanas que dá tempo de conexão expirado na hora de se logar. Parece que abandonaram o aplicativo de vez. Incompetência ou má fé? Lamentável.
Aplicativo lixo, não consiga me cadastrar porque dizem que o nome dos meus pais estão errados. Ridículo.
Sempre com sistema indisponível!
Sempre da sistema indisponível
Parou de funcionar, diz que o RG está incorreto, mas não está. Só serviu pra perder o meu tempo.
Não consegui acessar mesmo com as informações corretas
O app eh igual o banco: UM LIXO. Ha dias o sistema tá indisponível. Uma pena q nesse caso não podemos escolher o banco. Só dou uma estrela pq não pode dar zero
Conseguir acessar é como jogar na loteria.
App cheio de erros e que bloqueia a senha por uma semana mesmo fornecendo 
as informações corretas. Péssimo.
Fullfill the basic needs of Brazilian worker. You can get detailed 
information about your FGTS deposits and interest. Just need some more UX 
to get 5 stars.
Não loga. Usem o site.
Funcionou para mim, mas fiz cadastro antes pelo site da Caixa. No site dava 
erro na alteração do endereço, pelo app consegui em 5seg. Tudo funcionando, 
não travou.
Ótimo aplicativo pra quem quer consultar seu FGTS de forma rápida.
App sofrível ......não consegui utilizar.....informa que meus dados estão 
incorretos e simplesmente me bloquearam por 7 dias úteis......tomara que 
privatizem está empresa tão antiquada e pouco eficiente......péssimo!!!!!
Funcionava, não funciona mais
Ao colocarem o RG não coloquem o digito, foi assim que consegui cadastrar!
Não funciona! Que beleza! E precisa de uma caralhada de permissão. Fuja!
tem um problema diz que o RG tá errado mas não tá... impossível terminar o 
cadastro
Ao colocar número do RG aponta erro, porém o número está correto. Bloqueou 
desnecessariamente >{
Dados do sistema não conferem com do RG. Claro que invés de submeter a uma análise humana, ele simplesmente trava.
Passou a funcionar
Nunca funciona e nunca é possível fazer o acesso, sempre dá mensagem de fora de ar ou não é possível realizar ação.
Esse aplicativo tem um bug muito irritante quando o extrato é rolado até o fim, exibe um ícone de carregando e em seguida redireciona para uma tela com a mensagem "O tempo de conexão da requisição expirou"
Finalmente corrigiram o erro que impossibilitava chegar ao final do extrato, além de incluir possibilidade de exportação e apresentar os depósitos em ordem cronológica com o valor mais recente primeiro. Agora sim está bom!!
Não abre, fica na tela inicial e não aparece nada, no Android 8
Conseguiram melhorar um pouco a usabilidade do aplicativo. Poderia, por favor, colocar uma opção para fazer o download de extrato completo de todas as empresas. Ficar indo um por um é lamentavel.
O aplicativo ficou apontando que os dados estavam errados, quando estavam exatamente iguais ao meu RG, e bloquearam minha senha. Péssimo.
O aplicativo fecha o tempo todo. Não dá 3 minutos de uso e já diz que expirou o tempo. Impossível fazer uma consulta decente.
Lixo ! Só trava !
Erro de acesso após atualização
Parou de funcionar em meu celular depois que foi atualizado para o Android 8.0 (Oreo). Quando voltar a funcionar, mudo minha avaliação...
Porcaria de aplicativo. Depois da atualização para Android 8 o aplicativo não abre mais.
Lixo, perde conexão não traz a informação completa.
Horrivel. Lento. Não funciona.
Péssimo aplicativo. Bloqueia a senha por 1 semana, por tentativas de acesso (mesmo colocando dados corretos) ruim demais
Simplesmente um lixo!
Pior de todos cara pensa como é ruim.
Péssimo.
Very good
Parou de funcionar faz tempo!
Não faz o login
Não consigo acessar há dias
Não está mais funcionando
Já apresentava vários erros, mas agora não permite nem acessar.
Parou de funcionar!
Horrível. Não acessa de jeito nenhum. Lamentável.
Não é possível logar desde o mês passado.
Não consigo logar... Lixo.. mas aposto que o sistema da mega sena deve estar a todo vapor..
Péssimo. Nunca acessa o sistema...
Não consigo acessar a conta pelo app.
Não funciona.
ERRO! NÃO FUNCIONA
Nao aceita meu RG.
Por que não me surpreende o app NÃO funcionar ?????
Testando.
Nao me parece que esse aplicativo foi feito por algum profissional. Espero que alguém dos desenvolvedores leiam isso e vão imediatamente aprenderem construir um App no mínimo possível de usar!!!
Desconecta todo o tempo
Erros e mais erros
Erro de acesso. Ao efetuar diversas tentativas com os dados solicitados, é apresentado erro de conexão. Porém não há qualquer problema com minha internet e pelo PC consigo acesso normalmente.
Coloquei meu município de nascimento correto e mesmo assim bloqueou a minha senha no cadastro...
Lixo
É lento, mas deu pra ver o saldo
Vive dando problemas.
Nao funciona
Sempre que tento fazer o primeiro acesso coloco todos os dados, mas quando chega na parte de carteira de identidade sempre fala pra verificar, já tentei por 3x e nada!
Uma bosta. Nunca está disponível.
Mais um app vergonhoso da caixa. Usabilidade zero
Sistema indisponivel sempre
Funciona, mas não dá grandes detalhes quanto a versão web
Terrível
Uma estrela, porque não da pra dar menos. Banco lixo, app lixo e atendimento pior ainda.
App não funciona
Não funciona, como a grande maioria dos serviços públicos neste país.
O problema é tanto do aplicativo quanto do site. Mesmo após colocar os dados corretamente o sistema acusa como errado e bloqueia. Ainda diz que vc tentou 5 vezes quando vc só tentou 1. Bloqueia por 7 dias em teoria mas na verdade vc fica pra sempre bloqueado, provavelmente só indo na Caixa p resolver.
Cheio de bugs. Inútil.
Um lixo de app, só serve pra ocupar memória.
Ridiculo isso..ja a decima vz q tento preencher os dados e toda vez eh um dado q dah erro..desinstalando pela 10a vz
Simples e útil, as informações são exibidas de forma bem clara. O problema é que as vezes o sistema da Caixa cai.
Não funciona. Nunca consegui conectar.
Uma bosta
Caixa-lixo
Falha ao se comunicar com o servidor, estou tentando a dias, até agora nada.
Perda de tempo, o app não funciona. The app doesn't work.
Aplicativo PORCO. Deve ter sido feito pelo estagiário. Não serve pra nada. Não perca o seu tempo.
Péssimo.
Não funciona
Não funciona. Só dá erro
Péssimo, não loga.
Não foi possível atender sua solicitação. Sempre esse erro ao tentar logar. No site consigo logar normalmente, porém neste aplicativo horrível não consigo. Absurdo
Nao prestou nao ja botei tudo q pediro mas nao deu certo nao e so pra tira tempo da gente
Vergonha, aplicação diz que nome do meu pai está errado sendo que o mesmo está correto e agora bloqueou meu acesso. Resumindo não resolve nada só mais trabalho.
Quando solicito ajuda para criar senha, diz bloqueada até o final do mês...
Não da para acessar
Esse aplicativo só da erro
Me ajudou muito, consegui consultar o saldo e alterar meu endereço super rápido, bem melhor e mais prático que utilizar o site.
Coloquei todos dados corretamente e deu erro e bloqueou o cadastro da senha.
Ruim
Vocês não têm vergonha de publicar um app cheio de bug? Arrumem isso.
Serve pra nada. Caixa não possui certificado válido para o site imagine para app
Ultimamente essa porcaria nem estabelecer conexão está conseguindo
Lixo, não funciona.
Uma porcaria como já esperava
Não funciona. Me bloqueou após a primeira tentativa
App mal feito (como todos da Caixa Econômica, infelizmente)
Funcionou muito bem e facil de usar
Impossible to update address
Work perfectly
Quando coloca carteira de identidade ela buga e bloqueou meu acesso por 7 dias
Aplicativo horrível! Pede o número de carteira de identidade, preencho corretamente e ainda assim dá erro.... Horrível!
Não consigo colar o meu número NIS/PIS. Não consigo usar LastPass para preencher a senha. Não consigo fazer login. Enfim, não funciona. Pelo menos a tela de login é bonita.
Não abre
Horrível. Interface ruim. Nao é amigavel. Não dá para enxergar o que você está digitando e ainda por cima os dados sempre estão errados e os 'servidores' sempre estão indisponíveis.
App horrivel,  coloco o numero do mei RG e o sistema acusa como errado mesmo estando correto. Tentei algumas vezes e o app bloqueou o meu acesso por ter colocado o numero do meu documento "errado" por muitas vezes.  Nao perca seu tempo, uma criança de 7 anos programa um app mais eficiente do que este.
Simples e funcional! Mto bom!
Lixo!
Porcaria. Mesmo recém instalado exige atualização ao rodar pela 1a vez. Além disso as permissões são exageradas...
Simples e prático, como tem que ser. Parabéns.
Funciona perfeitamente.
Essa aplicação bloqueou a minha senha eletrônica do FGTS, e por conta disso, tenho que esperar 7 dias para poder tentar criar uma nova senha. Quando ligo lá no SAC da Caixa, eles se fazem de desentendidos e dizem que "não podem fazer nada". 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡
Péssimo como todos os aplicativos da caixa parece que é feito por uma pessoa que não entende que tecnologia é pra facilitar e não pra complicar.
Funciona
Gente quando eu baixei o aplicativo na hora de colocar o numero do NIS apareceu uma atualização do nada pra baixar do aplicativo, eu baixei e depois voltou pra mesma pagina pra colocar o numero do nis de novo, ISSO É VIRUS? VAI ME PREJUDICAR?
Sempre indisponível, nunca consegue fazer login.
Útil Interface simples e descomplicada, cumpre muito bem os objetivos!
Não deu nem para registrar Falhou o registro dos dados do rg estrangeiro e bloqueou a senha por sete dias. Fantástico.
Esquece... É tão ruim qto no mundo real
Não consigo acessar Não entra de jeito nenhum
Campo "carteira de identidade" com problema Campo "carteira de identidade" com problema. Mesmo com todos os campos preenchidos corretamente, tive a senha bloqueada por 7 dias.
Não funciona!!!!!
Login chato Não aceita colar o número.
Falha no Acesso há uma semana Mensagem de erro: "não foi possível atender sua requisição"
Nuca funcionou Sempre dá falha de conexão. "Tente novamente em alguns instantes"
Funciona Consegui consultar o extrato alem de localizar o posto de atendimento mais perto do local aonde estava. Funciona!!!!
Péssimo Precisa melhorar muito. Não informa ao usuário o que é NIS e tentando o acesso com o número do PIS não conecta nunca.
Problemas de conexão
Não funciona Não consigo nem fazer o primeiro acesso pq está sempre fora do ar... Uma bosta
#corrijam No campo "Carteira  de identidade " esta bugado impossibilitando o acesso  pela primeira vez.  # corrijam
Falha ao se comunicar com o servidor Já são 3 dias que não consigo entrar, na verdade nunca consegui, estou tentando a 3 dias e nada... Sempre falha na comunicação com o servidor e Java Lang exception, toda hora
Pqp Tente mais tarde, tente outra hora, tente amanhã,.............
Nao conecta
Erros de cadastro mesmo eu digitando os dados corretos no cadastro, o app me bloqueou até o fim do mês.
Não funciona Isso não funciona, diz o tempo todo que está com erro no servidor
Muito útil Puxou todo o meu extrato do FGTS de forma muito rápida e permite ver detalhadamente o valor correspondente a cada empresa. Muito útil e funcional
Bom Funciona muito bem no meu ASUS Zenfone 5.
Olhem as permissoes do App Esse aplicativo alem de coletar explicitamente todos seus dados pessoais e NÃO FUNCIONAR, ainda tem permissao para acesso de conteudo e de LOCALIZAÇÃO E UTILIZAÇÃO DE CONTAS no dispositivo.  Para que?
Útil Fácil de usar e com informações detalhadas. Recomendo. E, para aqueles que não souberem, NIS é o mesmo que PIS.
Muito Bom Sem propagandas, completo, objetivo e sem firolas. Já usava na versão do WP. SUPER RECOMENDO!!!
Péssimo Fica dando "erro de nome" mesmo com todos os dados corretos.
Ótimo app. Simples e eficiente Sugestão de melhoria. Deixar gravado mais de um PIS para consulta.
Não funciona. "Primeiro acesso" não funciona.
Bloqueado Sim, depois te tentar usar pela primeira vez, me bloqueou até o fim do mês. O campo de carteira de identidade está bugado. Corrijam!
Muito ruim Tem um bug, na qual rejeita a identidade mesmo digitando tudo certo, lamentável, por favor, remova o campo da identidade ou resolva o bug
Muito Ruim Confuso,  pede número Nis que não sei o que é,  tive que descobrir que podia ser o pis.  Tentei cadastrar e dizia que meu rg estava errado,  mas não oq estava,  ai bloqueou.  Não tem ngm de UX ai pra ajudar vcs?
Simples e bem fácil de usar É bem instantâneo, logo na página inicial já aparecem os saldos totais. Dá pra ver os depósitos mês a mês e as correções também. E dá pra ver todas as informações da conta, data de admissão, afastamento, tudo bem detalhado.
Nao funciona Possui enigmas onde temos que adivinhar senhas aleatorias que provavelmente passou a existir em algum momento. Para descobrir a senha voce precisa ir na agencia em outro estado, mas no Brasil mesmo e marcar um horario para ser atendido com um gerente que nao vai te receber bem, pois ele tem muita gente para atender... Tipo agencia 147 MG. Nada funciona, documentos demais, muito amarrado...
Consulta On-line Excelente poder realizar a consulta direto no aplicativo.
Adorei a novidade! Adorei a novidade e a praticidade! O app realmente me salvou muito tempo. E sem contar que é miito fácil de usar.
Funcionou bem.
Simples e eficiente Mostra de forma rápida e descomplicada o extrato do FGTS. Após 12 anos de cadastro no FGTS finalmente valeu a pena ter decorado o número do PIS. Agora posso consultar meus extratos quando quiser :D
Tá indo Dá pra melhorar
LIXO DE APLICATIVO Cadastro não funciona, bloqueia o acesso por meses depois de poucas tentativas. Compensa pegar a fila do banco do que instalar essa porcaria.
PORCARIA NÃO REGISTRA O RG E ALEM DO MAIS ME BLOQUEOU 😠 PERCA DE TEMPO!
Bom
COMENTARIO
Grea8
A way I can talk to all my friends
IT'S AMAZING😆😆😆😆🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒🖖🖖🖖🖖🤘🤘🤘😆😆😆😆😂😂😂😂
Wow
Awesome
Superbb
Great i just cant use the music feature for my story pleaee fix
Awesome app instagram
Great instagram✔
👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
Thanks for the platform..
I LOVE INSTAGRAM 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
It's real boomer hours.
Osm
Awesome job
Amazing
It socks bjwjsjsks
no words 4 this app😍😍😍😍
Have been having issues posting photos and insta stories recently. Still unable to rectify. 🙇🏻‍♀️ Otherwise, I love the app!
I have been using insta it runs good bt now it shows blank white scree. I uninstall the app an then install bt nothing...please do something.
Its tuff
i love my mom 😘😘😘
Absolutely rubbish piece of software. I have tried SO MANY times to register without success. Tried using facebook details, creating completely new email addresses, you name it. Everything I try NEVER works. Possibly the most frustrating piece of software I have ever used!
Good
Osm i like this
Supper
Nice
Good
Nice app but not so intresting
Super
It is not downloading
Glitching? Everytime I refresh the homepage or click a picture on the explore page I'm met with a blank white screen? It's been happening since yesterday and I'm highly annoyed, what is going on?
Good time pass
Living lavish lee mar
Very awesome grate for talking to friends 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Best
this app helps me get into contact with people I haven't talked to since 2012.. the only problem I have is perverts online.. they dm me and send me inappropriate pictures..
Good
I really loved it till I couldnt open it and look at pictures or videos
ok
Nice
Great
Five 🌟
Best social media appd5
inic
Good application
Nice
I love Instagram
😘😘😘
One of the best app..
Its a great way to stay active with people
Superb se bhi upper
Goof
Wow i loke it😳
Its a really good app and i can talk to all of my friends
Very use full app for all i like this app very much tqs for create this app
Oof
Best of the best
Smd
Very good
very nice cool awesome fantastic astic blastic
This app is so best if have a game in android
My dms are completely broken and I've tried pretty much all the listed different fixes to resolve this issue but nothing is working. Overall it is perhaps the most bug filled social media out there with a bad algorithm.
Yeeerrrt
My love ya
Cool
its feel me good
I love it
Verry good
Good
I love Instagram but.. For some reason the past few days it has been coming up with an "action blocked" Window everytime I try to like, comment on, or post something, it's getting very irritating and it's only on my main account
Good!
No se
I need a update of muisc
Filters are amaxing but frags a little bit
I like sanpchat better than this
Good
its really good and addictive, a really good social media source im on it 24/7 and never get bored. A really good and fun way of contacting friends and sharing memories by posting them. Lots of amazing features that never get old.
I keep having issues loading. It has the name up top only?! Frustrating!!!!
All
really social app
Good
Horney liscious
Nice
Sometimes hangs much.. Otherwise ok
App still on point...!
😄
They have been banning meme accounts
Good
This is a really good app
Sir meri I'd compromised Ho gayi h fir se login nahi ho rahi h........... Please any solution
Good app
nice app
👍👍👍👍
This is the best😯😯
It's very nice to communicate without mobile number
Its very amazing
Awesome
The app shouldnbe described as ok
Nice
Fantastic
Bikin habis kuota hahaha
fine
Damn app, can't login, even signed up for new account still didn't work
Great app and u should follow me
Good
Good fix the bugs please though
wow
Vickymaanmaansaab226@gmailcom
Amazing app
Estupenda
I love it because famuse ppl meet the there fans and u get to post dance videos and tik tok and other stuff that's why I love is
Fun way to text my friends 💯😂
It coll and good
Cool
good
nizzz app loved it so much❤😍😘
Bug has appeared on Samsung phones where when posting stories, it blurs out the photo once it's takenp
Awesome app
Best
Lolo
Good aap
Osmmmm app..
Amazing
Love it!
I spent the last few years adding 1000's of photos of Art (original museum paintings) complete with descriptions and history of the Art to a hashtage called #inspiring_possibly. Instagram just deleted all photos claiming that the post is inappropriate. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME.
This app is really great i can get in contact with so many ppl & be so nosy bought everything thats on my friends page also post all the pictures i think are cute i love the storys that we can post on because i love post quotes & commenting on ppls pictures ☺✨💙
More things need to Change
All kg eek eek kg an push debug an will d successful
I love my new apps
Incredibly good
Good
I love Instagram 😘
bad,coz long video cant update
Good
Aswome
Esta mica se deacarga muy lento, mal servicio
Ultimate
Good
Something going on, ever since this new update happened; when I click on someone's profile it just goes white, and then when I try to press back it just goes white and it makes me exit the app and I I can't see anyone's profile unless it's on my feed.
Such a good social media
L lily hill link j hill ju junyuykhhUFC byg dry luùliyy lu lù jug yu huh u juju7 huh yuyu uno huh o hill mu hbk y oki yy hi u huh y
Good moomoo
good
Love it...
Good
Best social media aap Love it
Aşk ♥
good
👌👍🖒
Good
I love it no words to describe.
It jdx bad
Nice
Excellent 👍👌
It is very great! i had lots of fun with this app 5 stars
I cant LIKE SAVE OR SHARE NOR COMMENT ON ANY THING FIX IT PLZ
Awesome app...
Good
Azistar
I am having an issue with instagram app, I cannot open my gallery in instagram story or can't upload my pics from gallery, it doesn't show my day before pictures. And despite of updating it remain still the same.
It's osm ..
It could be improved but it's safe enough, just the settings or what little there is
Its goof tbh
Good.
I am trying to make a new account but it is saying that I can't because my email address has been used but this is my 1st account and then when I try use my email adress for the log in but need help part it says no account found what do I do?
Luv Instagram
Ww
I just love to use it💗
This is a app with true and lakh of people trust the app
Nice
Super
Its taking ages for photos to load even though on I am on 4G network. Its getting on my nerves now. Can you solve or can not? This is the 2nd time I am reporting my issue. And 1st time on Play store. There are other apps working better in Market.
I lv this app
Superb Just loved it!!
Good
Excellent
please help me i do not follow other people plzzz
Ok so far cant save friends photos to my phone google photos
Luv this app! Real time FUN.
👌 👌🏼
very lovely app
Awesome
Very amazing application. Good job. Keep beautiful.
After the lastest update i am not able to like any post it just gives me some error message. Please look into this it is really irritating for an app like instagram to have such issue. please fix this issue asap
😉
New update does not allow me to post. I'm trying to update my page via Story and regular post and it just gets stuck buffering. All other apps on phone running fine and no network issues. Still does this!!
Good
Best application for social media❤
Nice
Good
Good for post videos and photos
Bombardeo de publicidad, mala calidad de cámara, todo blanco, mal rendimiento. Cada vez me disgusta mas.
nice
The last update messed it all up. I cant see anything.
kuku kadyan
A+
I think im new so i wanna get a lot of followers
You can text your friends look at story s but the only thing i dont like the needs to be more update and faster
Osm..!!
Super
Good
Cool app
Good app
Don't expect anything to happen when you report a problem. Instagram have no regards for the issues with their system.
Love it
I love it
Great
nice
I love it
This is very expensive aap
Suparb parfact
Attttttttt👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌✌✌✌✌✌👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
I cant Login
I can't switch my account to business profile what's the issue? Can anybody help me out with this problem Whenever i try to switch there's an is a message tht report this problem
Great
Anurag_royal
Jj
Super
Ads too loud
THIS IS THE BEST SOCIAL MEDIA RECOMMENDED FOR DOWNLOAD
Nice
BEST APP EVER!!!!!🤪👌❤❤
😍😍😍
Nic
Jus wet
👍👍👍👍👍
Oop it gud
Why i cant post any stories ???
Really love it
insta has been way too serious lately. deleting a lot of my posts and whole accounts. shadow banning, content control, all up in my contacts from a previous phone with a different number the list goes on and on......
Best app
Good app
Wish we can do a search within our own page. Sometimes it's hard looking for a specific post I uploaded a long time ago. Had to scroll down so much, that my phone crashes sometimes
Very good
Fun app.
My true feeling about Instagram... I sick of everytime I do something like um... Get follower or likes👍 y'all gotta reply something about y'all gonna take my account away just from getting follower? Like why dude? Y'all don't do anything about other people like celebrity.. And but you trying take my account just from getting follower😠. But don't get me wrong I understand why you doing that because you wanna keep the community safe👮 but why do that to me talking about change my password😡😡😡
The best
This is GR -8 .
So sweet but i cant save the story with music 😩😢
Good to be here
Amazing app
Ok kl
What gappen to the instagram story? The font is wrong
Its great ,but it needs to increase the amount of people reached naturally
Kaji cahhh❤❤
Not opening
Wont uninstall
I hate Instagram
Its one of my favoriot apps of all time
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
It's fun to share our adventures, we like IG!
Met my lalala 🙂
It really fun here
This app was Trimble. ...
good Apps
Best app all the time
Best App Ever ❤
Excellent app
Instagram is really fun...❤
Great so far, except for the fake profiles
Good
Excelente
Besr
Very useful
Very good
I love instagram
Superb app
Maybe
Very good for make up ask
Love it
Love it
I cant switch on camera while doing video call to my frends but on other account i can easily switch on
Ok to start with then would not let me sign in, also not easiest app to use either, dont get why its so popular
This app is very good
love
Nice
Supercalafradgalistic expialadociouse
Perfect
Best app i love this app
Its great if you want to talk to your friends use this. Want to show your status use this. Its wonderful thanks Instagram
Awesome
Very nice
Video compression is utter trash
V gud
Awsome
Good
Super good
I like this aap
I love this app .This is the best social media appBut many times my instagram stops working.
its all good, but add dark mood plz
Great
Exalant
Amazing
Good
Its a awesome app
Excellent
awesome app
super experience
❤
Instagram is your own personal gallery of your life. Its perfect for taking photos or short videos and is also a social outlet for people to share intrests through photos! 😁 I love it! 😁
jifri
i just love this app 💗
Too good
Good
Osm💥
Instagram has me attached to it.
Great for meeting new people but too strict on content definitely against free speech/personal opinion posting
Eh
Pages not loading
worked fine on chromebook for a while but then it crashes every time i try to sign in. Please fix this problem
Superb app🤗
I like insta
Best app
I love it amd i want it should b famouse till my death
Excellent
Its fun
happy
Nice and awesome
Superb
Sweet
Hurry Great
too much ads
It's awsome
It always works for me i have no problems
Too many followers and others not seeing posts. Algorithm needs to go back to chronological order.
am loving it already
My experience is great
Most favorite
Mst😍
Good job
This app is amazing I can take to my friends all the time
Cool
I cant log into my Instagram on my phone after logging out and into someone else's. I dont know what's wrong but I have pictures that I can't get back. Please fix!
Instagram is very Good application .I like it .
Good
Very good app
Like it
Its amazing 🤩
Best
Great
Good
Very good
I'm having fun posting some pictures
👍
Best app I use
No means no
Nice work
perfect
Adorable its easy to communicate good one
Great
Good
gimana sih, akun gak salah apa-apa kok di banned. giliran akun yang ngepost bikini di report malah gak ditanggepin. baru pertama kali kena banned gini setelah 4 tahun pake instagram.
Very wonderfull app
I have a few accounts, but different accounts has different system settings.
Attt
Good
Love it!
nice ❤️
Nice app
Entertaining and educative
Full masti app
Great app...awesome
Account can be hacked easily even if private pls be careful!!
Good
Good better best
It is very cool that you get to interact with people I think its very fun
Makan kuotanya terlalu banyak 😁😁
Nb
Very usefull
Good
Bagus sih
Smooth
I can't open the app
😍😍😍
I love this app !!!!!!!!!!!!!!°🙂🤗☺😑😚😋😎
When i take take vidoes it won't let me see them
Keeps glitching and deletimg meme pages
Its the best app i ever downloaded
This app is a good app for me and sure app.
Nice app 👍👍👍👍
great
Ok
Lovly
Love this
Kalu12345678
😎
This app is so cool
Overall pretty good but it deleted a lot of videos that i had saved theres barely any now compared to how many i had and now more than half of them are gone and i really hate that because now i cant find those videos anymore.
Fantastic
Super
Very good
Its amazing and easy to use
I cant like ot comment
I've got a samsug A30 and isntagram is lagging so hard i hope you'll find a solution for it so soon cuz people are spending their money on these new brand hoping it will give them a great experinece please resolve this thing as quick as possible
I love ❤ it!
This apps is so beautiful
Good
Nice
I luv everything about it Thx play store
Super
Awesome
Please fix the sound when i take picture i dont want to hear any shutter sound when i take pictures
This has good comedy
LG
Nice App!
· Instagram is so good. people get the chance to make their identity and this is the perfect home we live on like our family
It's awesome
Best app
Outstanding app
I liek lnstagram
Классный аппарат
Happy
I like it
Jh
Super
I like this app....😎
Love you
Odarfull
Best social media app
Reso
Nice
good
This is so best app..👍
Great
Some changes need to be occurred otherwise its good
Good app
I love Instagram
I like the app
Good
notifications come like 4-5 hrs later 🙄 stupid updates.
Wild zone
Ok
its great
First class 👌👌👌
Very good and easy to use
Good
Nice app i really enjoying it😘💗❤
Love this app so much omg❤️
Cant live with out it!
Good
Super good app.
very good
very nice
Good
Excellent
Useful app
good
Its a good app
Good
good
You shouldn't to avoid to make fake accounts
my instagram get hacked
Super social app
It is a perfect way to expres ure self
It's awesome to have such a nicest app
Iloveyou IG
How
Nice
Facing d problem while uploading d photos and videos, it takes a whole night but still not uploaded, need to know d reason .plz fix it soon
It is messed up to force us to have this app on our phone if our phone don't have a lot of memory on the phone if you want happier customers build 😉 phones with these apps on and more space so we are able to put our own apps that we want on our own phone
Amaze and beautiful...
I love this app! Better than pinterest.
Good
Best app
Awesome..
👌
Excellent
I just loved it 🥰and I'm addicted to it 💞💞
Very bad experience. Video are not playing. Eyery time i open the application and the problem is remain same. Video are not playing
I feel good sensation off Direct massage but My phone got notiffication off somewone chat but sometimes i cant see the chat in the app it self only in the notiffication Pls fix this bug
Sachindon
Nice
Hg
Please fix last seen issue
Hey IG can you pls check my account. It's been 2days already and I cant seem to post anything on my story. The posting option keeps on circling only. I already tried to unistall and install it but nothing happened. Kindly take a look at this.
It is good but when Iam trying to post stories or post in news feed ,all photos from my gallery shows black in colour in this app for few months. So it is difficult for me to post something in insta...
very popular
Super app contasti
I am not being able to open any of the profile since last 3 days.can u plz remove this bug it will be helpful for me a lot.Thanks!!
Nice
Definitely the best social media.
Mantul
I'm facing many issues while using it after it's update like facing problem in uploading stories , posts etc
its good
I have more more more experience to this app
my favrt app
Wow the chat app
it is love
Very nice experience
Feel like happy😃
عالی
Amazing
Ga bissaaa buat boomerang
good
Itd gofd
Please make an option feature to load IG story/IG tv with quality that we want (144p, 240p, 360p, 480p, 720p, 1080p, just like youtube). & a feature to save IG story/live/IG tv in quality that we want (for slow internet connection people). Because it is useless and annoying to watch blur IG stories! Instagram, you are so old days because of this.
Good app
Cool
Why the instagram keeps stopping if i discover people?????????????
nice app for social networking
Sach a good application 😊😇👌
Superb
👌👌
Good apps. Loving it so much.
I like
This app is one of my fav app❤❤❤but i request instagram to allow us to know our stalker names plllsssssss🖤✌
NICE App
Love what you can do in pictures in an instant
Amazing Spider-Man ❤💜💛💚💙
Cool
Dope
This is amazing app I loved it bt my posts doesn't post with any hashtags ad post not resharing in story plzz do something for?
Coud not understand it. Sucks
Timepass
I like having the people i interact with most first, i like that there is an order to things and that i can get caught up!
Dear developer i am user of oppo A57 and I am not showing the pole option right now I am taking update of app but the problem are pursue.please resolve this issue.
Hassam
Great application Interesting app better than facebook
Nice app
It wont let me share posts on my story!!!!!!!!
Ok
☺🤘🤘🤘👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Better
The best
Hehe
A Facebook of posting more images to be liked and to be loved by everyone.
Exelent😍😍😍😍😍😍
Good
Its supposed to be perfect stars but...Its hard i never ever gettin used to it so betta be practicing And thats all -Instanoob
Awsome
Its very gud appp👌
Cool and amazing
I have come in contact to most of my freinds and relatives hundreds of miles away... Thanks to Instagram!
Enjoying the response
It's great! 👍
Cool to see so many people and stories.
Lit
Good
Mind blowing
Good
It offers you a platform through which you can connect to people anywhere across the world. Sharing experiences and can follow your ideals which looks like dream before.
Enjoying and very good app for couples
It wont let me delete it
STILL HAVENT FIXED MY DMS INSSUE I WOULD RATE 0 STARS IF POSSIBLE
Superb
Good stuff
It fun
Oooosom 🙌🙌🙌❤
😍
i love it🤤
It opportunistic
Good
Populer social app (all in one)
Great
Fantastic
You make new friends
Nice
Neat
So Good #love
Nice aap i live this aap
Ok
Supet insta
Instagram is a nice app, much like Facebook, but better, and it's for teens and kids !
Best communication app ever
Recently i can't like anything photos or videos on Instagram even though i updated it.. And i report it many times still i cant like anything.. Am i blocked from Instagram???????????!!!!!!!!!!! I need an answer please!!!!!! ... Don't tell me to make a new account because its hard to have followers again and i have photos from 2013.. Waiting for logical explanation..
Nice
Love it
Nice
I love this app This is a great app and a great way to keep in touch with family, friends and peoples
So awesome
Nice
Awesome
New updat is bad
This is a good idea to have a great day. I have a great day. I have a great day.
Nice
yuh
Soo lak i am disspointed for this
Good
Oppp
nice
Nice
I love the app. it's getting Better and better
Out standing app for direct massage, for photo upload.
Love if five dver
Superb
Супер очень хорошо работает
I love it so far thanks
Love it!! It's almost 100% what you make it to be! 💕
It's really a good stage to share photos
رائع 😙😙😙😙😍😍😍
Nice aap
Good
Nice app
It's a very good app for all thing i love it too much😍😍😍😍😍😍
its not letting me into my acc unless i get a notifacashoin plz plz fix this its bugging me very much please and ty
I love Instagram because it shows the true nature of humans and the beautiful women that live
Unable to post pictures. All the images kn my gallery appear grey.
You can find many things and people you're interested in and interact with them👌 cool app
good :-)
😘😘😘
Wow nice app. Love it🥰
Good
👍👍👍
It won't let me see my story or take pictures and when ever I try it says "instagram has stopped working please try later " then I have reopen it
Very Good...
Please c to it that it is not optimised for my 19.5:9 display of lg g7 correct it n i'll give ya dat 5 stars for sure It is gimmicky and glitchy at times
الرجاء حل مشكلة الدايركت في الانستقرام ومشكلة عند فتح اي حساب او اعدادات الانستا تظهر صفحه بيضاء
This is beautiful app i love this
Great
good
Excellent
have not used yet
It's the best
NICE
Good
Superbbbb
I am not able to share or put any countdown on my story as there is no option coming in my account
Just loving it
i love instagram
I like this app
Very good
Best social media app
Goood
Nice app
good app
Best app in the world
I like it
well done
I like how I can post things and use the filter from time to time. Honestly it's the first app where I feel closer to the world, but there has been a bit of a bug Lately, it keeps sending me out of Instagram every few mintues after I open it.
Good
I love it
Awsome
Nice
Seeing direct in iran isn't available. That's available with VPN only
I can now open the app, but I can't post stuff from my camera roll onto my story, and I have to keep re installing it. Please fix this
Nice
Super
Stay connected ✌🤙
User friendly and user full
Great app
Superb APP
Best deal
Exvellent. But some onlu want $$$
👍
Its laging alot and its gliches allot and dont work other a while
Love to share my pictures to friends n family n its private
I cant even sign in instagram so lemme explain so I have never had an instagram account I dont think and I tried to make one but it said username was taken so I tried to sign in using what I guessed I would have used if I did have an account and it almost worked other than it said my account was banned and I needed to appeal and so I tried but of course I have never used instagram and I dont know my account details.
Good
At first I couldn't open the app now that I can I can't see DMs I feel punished I might just delete or something..😔
Great
Ig is fun
😀👍👌✌
good
I cant see a video call button. I updated my device ,softwares but itsstill not showingup
Like this
Your video compression is trash, it produces blurry videos and the "keep watching" system for videos is super anoying. This app is getting worse
Nubbad la
This Application is really amazing but now insta has also been hacked so i thought it dangerous
Excellent app
It has many restrictions
Owsum app
This apps so good i like it
It's a great app, would be 5 star if I click on a notification tag and it let's me see the actual post instead of just in the comment section. It's a hassle to click the profile and go find the actual post. Uodate: cool this has been updated
Sukaaaa
love it app💝🤘🔥
Sema
Osm
[Clearly I'm not the only person to have this problem, but Instagram won't let me log in. I deleted the app because my messages would not send, and when I tried to log in it says 'unknown network error'. Please get this fixed today or in a couple days. A lot of people cannot access this app because of the recent update.] It fixed itself later that night so we all good, my bad☠
Very good
Bc it just works so good for me thanks a lot.
Nice app
Lit lit akikikiki😂‼️💰
Nice I am impressed
Increasing my followers
Very good
Wow
Good app
Oky la
good app
Ok h
Ig
Well!! It's good for urgent purpose for finding out contact number
Beautiful
👌👌👌👌👌
Nice
Nice
جميل جدا
The app use to work well but sucks since new update i can not see anyones feed
Awsome
Tin roof rusted
I tried unfollowing some subscribers that I never actually followed in the first place but the app keeps putting them back.. And since when is liking someone's picture a restricted action??
Gud experience
Great
Good
Thanks for my page loving it
Ya´ll did something with my account and it´s not working I don´t know why
Ozammm
Outstanding app
BCT u VT Swipe left or right to delete
this apps is so very wonderful
Idk😂
NYC
Cant go live
Instagram is the best app that make me connect with this world
Gud
I miss you N and very nice aaps
I haven't been able to post anything within the last week smdh
cool
Best for connecting frnds
Its good it dont share fake newses i simply love it
Awsome!
Nice
Recently I've been experiencing a bug in which when I open the application it opens as usual, but when I attempt to open another user's profile or attempt to look at comments I just get an entirely blank page. I've tried uninstallation and reinstallation but to no avail.
It's really great
cool
How do I fix the time zone my app is set in? My message time stamps are marked an hour more than the time zone I am in.
Pics are unable to upload.
Amazing
hjbh
Good app
My most used app, no complaints here👌
Very nice and Wicked!
I love Instagram
Best experience
wow
Ig will forever be my fav source for social media. Down with facebook!
😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇
Best
Qq
Good
Www
I cant login my id through app
Great apps
Sprr
The IG story I posted 11 hours ago is still "posting", the IG story really does not work well for me, I have problems tagging people in it sometimes as well
Porfavor poned la canción de Kaydy Cain la de Lo siento porfavor por eso solo pongo 3 estrellas por lo demas todo perfecto gracias y porfavor ponerla en música
Good
I can't get into my account i they haven't told me what is going on why am i locked out of my account this is ridiculous
👌👌👍
Good plateform for ass the time and stay connected. Ty.
thanks for being the best of the best ♡
Amazing
Can improve
Nice Nice
Plz bring instagram lite...
I've been on Instagram for YEARS now and post good videos all of the time, but only I have 202 followers??? It is VERY obvious that my account is being CENSORED, and I don't appreciate it DAMMIT!!! These TDS Liberals running these social media platforms need to GET A LIFE!!! 😤
good
i give this a foure stare because instagram is a realy usefull app but the thing i dont like about it is it only shows you the pictures and videos one time wich realy sucks.😊🙁😅🤗.......well bie
Everytime i open the explore page it goes blank :((
Best app
Unstoppable better then better
Fav
I just love it
Perfect
I really good
Good
I don't know
Good app
I can't upload photos. Help me.
🎉🎉
Y not instal this app
Breaks all the time
nice
Amazing
Good app
Why there is an error when i login my account?
Ok its grown on me.
Nice app to communicate
Awesome!!!!!
ok
Glitchy as heck, but it has become an essential part of my business
Gg
I have updated this ap but the countdown storie's icon was not shown. Then how I put countdown of anybody's birthday 😫
Its totaly just trash you should just delete the app its so shity
Awsome
very nice nothing is bad
I think it is a good app for me Bcuz I can share my photos I can chat with so much people here and I think it maybe a revolution to the world and it is...... Thnx for instagram devlolpers 💟💟💟💟💟😍
Me best app for Instagram
Good
Cool
They are beautiful family. With lots of love always.
I love instagram.😍😍😍😍
error upload picture?
Love this
It wary nice fantastic fabelous and thank to instagram to give intertantment and futuer also so thanks lnstgram
It's been great!
Good application i like this app very nice
Only new , but meeting some great friends.
The Best to keep Photo
Image & vidao save in phone memory option include a softwear. but softwear is a best
Love it
Best app 👍🏼❤️
عالی
Not for dogs
The app is funn
Very good
Best app ever
Cute so cute and beautiful
Good
COMENTARIO
awesome
Ailm
nice aap
premlata kasera kwai Daily Status S I like you
1 month
nice app
nice this app
i dont Recived Any koin or any rewards plz solved it Sir
good
no that is 1 of the best app which I have ever seen no doubt it will be successful to you
bakwas
supper app
nice.... app.... i like u.....
best app
osm Kwai apk
good
i like this so
super app
sunil kumar
nice
good
जय सिया राम
osm
Kwai Is Just Suppurt only Big Creators but small creators is not go on trending page its only contract ... kwai its bad i am here at kwai last 2 years but i se kwai is only supurt big creators . vigo video is the beast now my fallowers is 137K check my account name Comedy King 11
very nice
super
wow
excellent
ARMAAN
only for rich people not for poor
does not pay now
Very Very useful,,,,,,,,just mind blowing
kawi app very good app and perfect app and video quality pictures and very good Choir app thanks Manish 0.4
goodjob
nice
nice
sayd Rabibul ail
xcellent great app. i love it
Um Theres a Gitch for me Its says no ppst trying jdjemxmjs you know but i made 2 post and i cant see my post
nice
ghhhh
nice app
👌👌👌
wow kwai app
RM
👍
IT'S AMAZIG
fun game but sometimes won't update but I love it I have over 360 or less fans
5......star
you go are taking down my videos on the app and it need to stop
super
nice app
Kwai has the manners of a goat , they marked my story telling videos I make for likee as "Inappropriate" so they could not be seen public , the only reason I am bothering to rate these rude people is to warn other original creative appropriate artists 👎👎👎👎👎 is my rating. They are appropriate at likee so I don't care what you say , I don't need you cause your deceatfull and rude👎👎👎👎👎
good app
good
nice app
REAL HEAXEV G
yeah game bilkul bhi achha nahi hai
too good
nice
very bad app
Good
awesome app
beautiful app
good video crating aap.......
nice
You
This aap is totally useless because it dose not sands money to PayPal and No koin come video
great
good
Dharambir Mahato
Super application H Friends Jaldi se Download Kijiye Ise... 😘😘😘😍😍😍
Anurag Raj
ok
kwai hai a
Guzel
super app
super
mast h bhai
j game khelne hai game game khelne walap
g9
west off time not play any clip
muito bom...
I like
how can i Chinese app store to download this app because the one here is full of India people
great app
really interesting app
ak
awosome app
nice
APP KEEPES GOING INTO THE SETTING ON MY PHONE WITH OUT MY PERMISSION AND TURNING ON NOTIFICATIONS
best Apps
wow kawaii app super jaldi jaldi download karo
i can't send messages to my friend,please i help
the best for aplication
is main koin nahi mil raha hai agar India mein chalana hai to Koi no sabhi ko teen char baje use karunga. milega to use karenge Na tu band kar denge
this is the best app ever and if you think this is a bad app....I'm coming for you....and I will make you install the app ÙwÚ And I love you kwai your better than tik tok
best and we can share with friends and write a massage
best
I'M SO VERY VERY
I'm making very good videos with good contents.. still not getting viral and views
so fentastic this is real states pletform
not bad
Nivce
sound not match
great
nice app
" cv
good
good
Hey, looking good. Is Live Option is here?
Miss you
ThIS👏 app👏 is👏 literal 👏TRASH👏 DON'T INSTALL THIS YOU CAN'T EVEN SEE THE VIDEO THAT YOU ARE WATCHING IN FULL FRAME!!!!
in this app... how to earn money ...
vary nice
its cool and amazing social media platform .
i loveit
very nice
not earn money this app don't west of time. don't install this app..... fake app.total west.....
pintu pandya
Awesome app
why use likee type promo
Nice look
App is not Downloading
good aap
good
nice
nice aap
ok
its okay...
Cool 😎
nice aap i am new here
It is very nice apps
Excellent
nice app
good
look
amazing app
great!! I really love it! it's almost like tik tok which is great!
so best
Hi, im just bought Huawei phone and first time in Kwai. But got banned. Please assist.
shad hiii
kwai is the best app not because of am using this app is because of this is really amazing app and we show our talent in this platform so it's like amazing things
oswam
super
exellent app
enjoy this app..
best
nice app
best for shakes
it says server is busy please try again later and it been a day and it still says it
I Don't Use PayPal,& I am having Trouble creating PayPal account,So,Please Add Option To Withdraw With Paytm
tolong di perbarui lagi biar ada koin dan bisa tuker pulsa / uang
good n fun for all
So fast for uploading yours videos, great App
very nice app
What's the latest challenge in KWAI? Please create a new item in KWAI app. This app is getting "quiet".
U.N
in this new version of kwai i am not able to found my draft videos
very very good app
this app is great and lm loving it so much. and filters its great
Great
very good app
बहुत अच्छा एप है।
just
i love having china friends. why do you chag it. i need rype now . because of that i hate this app . or can i have china friends here now.
nice
i love it!! its de best
This Is Amazing But I Don't Like Home page Becuz It's So Vulgar Videos. Please First Remove That Types Of Users & Thia App Is Superb but Not Famous In India I think So Please Promote This App On YouTube Etc.
very good app
this app is absolutely terrible. the only thing on here are gachas and inappropriate gacha videos. it takes my videos down for being inappropriate (even though there not) but a see a trending video saying "is it sexy" and showing a character with almost no clothes on. fix the system that tells what inappropriate and what's not and i'll think about giving you a better rating .
Very nice
nice
Ajit Kumar Kashyap
👍
good entertainment app
best aap
nyc
very nice
niceeee😘😘😘😍😍😍
Useful App.
Nice cool
in kawai application is high take a great weekend and I will be in the future of hearts and minds of think. the same to you and your family members of the year. I am not sure if you have any questions or need anything else from me so please click the button below to verify your account.😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎🙂🙂🙂😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😆😆👩‍💻👩‍💻👩‍💻👩‍💻🕵️🕵🏼‍♂️🕵🏼‍♂️👨🏼‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍🏫👩‍
because so cute
goof
Asikkhan
Mast hai
xxx
good
nice app
best app
nice app
good app
i like this app.
good app
there should be continuous video playing. we have to play videos one by one why is it so?😘
i want to download Chinese kwai
nic apps
nice song
good app
Good awesome thanks 👍🏻 🤪
download limit, 🤭
nice
awesome app for short video
great app
I want to see the asmr korean vids but I couldn't search it
Perfect
Good
kwai --- Koin Start date? i Am long time kwai use but koin not receved
Because I'm doing this video its good
good
nice
amar nathram
its pretty good but people usually argue ans fight
best app
haha
ok hai
fantastic
awesome app i love this app Best app ever im vj The mastitane
nice 👌😊
bast
thans
vest app 📲
nice Aap
I CAN'T EVEN INSTALL IT BRUH
its god app than tik tok vigo and like
बकवास no inkam
bagus
Is this application's ID also could be used in Chinese Kuai app? I hope the developers could answer this question.
nice app
bahut mast
good 😉
osm
super
ii
it is really an awesome app. l love it. but time duration should be increased for video making.
Better plateform.
very bad.
gooa
dg
ok rat tot
it sooooo 😎 and fun
app is good. when we open an profileit contain few vedio clips.when we open one we cant fimd slide option to go to next vedio.pleasr add it app will be good
Good luck to everyone
naice
Good
nice app
i love it but i had to delete it and now....i cant install it
best
nice app
well👍 job
bad
good
Nice yo2 W
its a good and cool app i like it a lot
ok
ok
samy
I am Azeem nice ........
so good
nice
how to make longer video?
good
AWESOOM!
nice video bro video games 😃😂
Awesome fantastic thanks ❤️
sweet
sir koin chalu kar dijiya
lal
it's like a tiktok
nice igot till 5000Rs$
oooooo vary goid
I'm following lots of Chinese people and for some reason, all their content has been removed from being seen by me. Everytime I click on one of their accounts, nothing shows up at all. The posts that I liked from them about a year ago disappeared from my "liked posts". Whenever I try searching up any hashtags or posts in Chinese, nothing shows up at all. I know they have been posting because I have been watching compilations of them on YouTube. Notify me on what's going on, why I can't view them
This is amazing
Kwai is not good app because I am do not eran koine ok I hate this app
Supr--
i like very much kwai app
surajsk
verry good easy to us
There are animoji and i love animoji
best
Gud
best app
so lucky
to good
nice app
Very awesome app
Good app That I know it's takes time to get followers but it's a really good app
Best Aap for Viedio... Shoot...
it is great
super
good yaar
nice
good aap
very nice
wow nice
very good
Waste time.. Once i post a funny video but got flag as inappropriate
gjekorpg ddkktyiojrornfek dod kdfk ri svkwop keo you nice and aap mujhse email krke 👨‍👩‍👦‍👦👩‍👦‍👦🌷🌹🌹🥀🌏 🌘 to be
very nice app
really amazing app........ only for girls................ ...
Хорошее приложение
Fine & Fastest
😘😘😘😘
good
bante hi nahi video save or draft kya karunga jaise hi open karta hoon apne app exit ho kar fir open ho jata hai
Best
it help you edit your oc so ya btw it soooooo good
good for you :))))
good app
nice one
Good
best
nice but proglam
good
i like this app
gr8
tốt 👍
favorite aap my
so good
Nice App
Nipun
Lucky 8
Thanks kwai cretors
Good aap
Must application
Its good
better ☺
Awesome
Love this app so much.it have what i want
Nice
I dunno mah fwend😂
Tinku
Very nice
Ok
🙏
Samim
Anish Mansuri
It's very important for me very. A big thanks for owner or programer. 😊
Good
Very nice
іноді вилітає
I love this app
Super Anmol Rishita
Amazing. Just loving it
Super cute (*’(OO)’*)
Good
Brilliant app
I can't sign in my own phone number
Nice app
nc
Super
Waaaaw
Bahut acha aaps
App is gud but bad comment is probem for creators
Very very nice app
This is awesome
Happy
You should provide search option by name.
Nice
Nice
Ara. Rarara khtrnak !!!!!!!!!!!
Nice performance
exceptional
Cool apps
good
Nice
Tell us more ( optional )
Mst
Like you aap
Super
Ilke
I love this
Very good
आज की मनोरंजन की जरूरत के हिसाब से बहुत ही अच्छा एप है।
super
Koin incentive system band kar diya hai aap ne or #topkwaiers contest me do numbari ho raha hai, bahut sari fake account bana ke , 1 no. pe hai, please restart koin system, please, because all kwai lovers happy, thank you kwai full team, then i give five+ star.
super
Very good this app
Nic app
So nicely app
Nice
This app is popular for time pass
Wow nice apps but varry good
very good app Timepass
cute and nice..
Nice
Nice
Nice but i am not used Ok
very nice 👍👍👍👍👍👈
Woww
Kwai
Akram.miya
Benho bar bar parreshan karta hhhhhhhiiiii
Good apps
Junaid Malik
Good
Im popuiler on tihs ap :3
My passion This app is fantastic I love this app
Awesome app love 💗💗 from Bangladesh
Lovely.....
Sudhir Kumar Nayak Lisa ha
nice
Goog
Supper
Hi kwai apps
Jahato
Best for raising star
Ab is aap me coin nhi milte
meh
Otimo
Super
साठ परसेंट
Supar app
Hello Kwai Team...I Post 15 Video+ but I Do not Get Koin...Thish App is fully Fake ...am i Wright...
Good app
Amasing
Best
I want to access my Chinese account and followers but this version only lets me access western accounts. Please merge everything back together. You will never be able to beat TikTok in terms of Western audiences anyway.
mst
Nice
Good app
best and good
zhr apk
Good Apps
noob
This App Is Soooooooooo Good N Superb N Improve Some More Better
Ok
Tq super
Good app instal now
wow nice app
Great
Would have given it 5 stars, but my account was banned for no reason at all. Have tried (unsuccessfully) to have it restored. Have sent messages to your supplied email address but haven't gotten a single response. Extremely disappointed.
Good aaps
Nice app
Mmng best gile
i like this app😄
Totally disgusting
Muito top . Tem vários vídeos para status bons para compartilhar
I love it :)
Very very nice 👍👍👍👍👍😀😀😀😀😀
Its 💯 nice app..And content is great..So I hope nice upcoming experience with this app☺️
Nice
Like
Worst app.This app cheated my 💵 18👎
its to good
Pehle use kiya tha tab to theak tha.. Ab pta nahi nhai..
I love kwai because this things very best ..when i go to my friend house
很棒！
Good amazing aps
A veryinstrasting app
Good
Bhut hi achi app h bhai m ispe stunt video bhi uplode kiya bahut hi badya rishponc h bhai
Love the app you make new friends
Best
nice good
Good app in the world. I enjoy this app.i make videos on this app.very good app.this is a best app ever . My brother always see videos on this app.
✌️
Nice video sareing
Good
Wow
Jeeva
Nice
nice😄
Nitish yadav
Is really good and cool app
Best earn of caption app
koin is not coming
to
I never made an account for this and I don't think I plan to use this but I keep getting notifications from someone messaging me
nice
Love it
very nice
#Rakibulseikh
t sai Krishna
i.miss.you good boy bhai gjb pic
I do find many Hot videos here..
i like this apps
Superb app
i love you kwai
Good aap
कचरा app hai ye
I'm appreciate to this app developers
very nice
very nice
Why I use this app.. No money given by apps.
I'm from South Korea and this is so cute app
nice but resulation is low I think this app more update must
kwai App achha hai use karo my kwai ID- priyanshu055 follow plz
good
Okay so good
Superb app
Jhh
funny
Super
I download this app because i want to see Chinese people videos but i can't see them 😭 I'm from america so i can't see their account. Can you guys unseparate international and chinese? Please.
yes, i like this aap
Nice Aap
i like this app
mijanur
d.k.raja
great app
Lovely
nice app
super
If you like this app ... you like my review
Nice
बहुत बढ़िया एप्स है ठीक-ठाक और विगो वीडियो से भी अच्छा है
ifoy
naice
nice.
good
Fantastic
hi ae bhut achhi app hi
wow💞💞 this app is so entertainment full & lots of fun l loved it very much💃❤️👍👍👌👌
Nice
why you all stopped koins system?
Nice app
i love ittt
Good
mast
Baik
nc
good job yes✔💝👏🌹👌
good
i am not sure first my video viral
so good
best
supreb
nice
It is very easily app and very hard 🍓🍓🍐🍏🍎🍆🥔🍒🍒🍒🍋🍌🥝🌽
Hangs a bit.... Video is played very late....
that's too good
mast
bad app
good
i like you
wow
nice
this app is great let's you make art and show other what you have
i like it too much
nice
best
nice
Aap Kuwait to m
waste of time and data
Vrey bad
tiktok se sahi he kwai
better
very nice
Can't connect to server, after update from yesterday.
Great app
nice
super
wow paro my jeska lata hu wo paro
so nice app
nice
awesome
kwai neci
sonu khan
surya
best be happy
super
nais
good
GIGA
Nice and very helpful this kwai team
i love the kwai app😉😉😉😘😘😘
good
nice
very nice
top
Manishdon punaul
awesome
nice
nice app
good
nice
good
Mumbai o india working
osm
Good
nice
what a app
good
ilike it
i hate this app beacuse not giving koin
nice aap
Tik Hythe y667h
kk
nice ji
nice aap
very nice
good
awsome😘
nice app
nice status
Nice
such a sexy app
Super
love it
The app is great but it says"update to the latest version" and it wont let me update it ;-;
follow guys instagram
🆎 Follower NA Maloom Hote Ki Hum Kis Kis K Hai... 5 Inch Mobile Screen Se Upload Kro To 2.0 Inch Jaise Show HotA H..
so my heart thiching
nice app but do some changes
it so much fun here, I love it 💓💓💓💓
good app
donot earn money in vedios upload to better service's
Good 🇮🇳
very nice
nice
so many adds
so sexy
good
itzz a soo nice platform 😍
very nice aap
excellent app
naic
super
Good
how to make friends with these women in videos a bit confusing
very beautiful apps
very good
nise
SUPERB👌👌👌😘😘😍😍👍👍👍😀😀😊😊😊😊
बेस्ट.
nice apk download
Kitna accha apps hai
Hey. Why you stopped Koin option. its a nice way to earn through koin.. many people has earned through koin.. get back this option
lvly status apps
best
nice app
It's an amazing app but I have 3 requests. 1. All the kmoji characters should have a background. 2. The video duration should be decreased to unlimited and you can use it for free. 3. And please can you add a 3d cat kmoji. And thanks for your amazing app wish you all the best❤
very nice very nice
ok boss ku
this app is completely wrost my income does not without there are a lot of error in withdrawal
nice app
best
I like u
nice app
Good
this is a best
point nya kagak muncul tai
Nice
good
i like this app
very bad experience...
i like kwai
Nice
I love you
best hooo
sajit
Good
They block me for no reason , but I send feedback but it didn't work
it is very wonderfull app in the world. It is better then tik tok.I love it so much
nice app
beutyful aap but not view my videos
naic app
Very wad
nice
Hello lovelys
I want to install this app but it is installing 100% and get back to 30% 😭😭😭
good
good
isi
hii nice aap
do i get any adult apps from u
nic
nice
nice
nice
great app
wow.... superbbbb. .. .... . m .. .
Nice app
Super App
gugdg
The app is very good, I am enjoying it!
nice app
5 star
ok
ok
super
nice app
Sk. Raja
good
nice
amazing app
I FOUND IT 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
the apps is terible.. i think it face some issue cause i using it for quite sometime but i dunno why this 2days this app just pop out every few mins on the screen n i have to press the menu button..it's so annoying and i think it have virus so Unfortunately i have to uninstall it..
I've been on this more than tiktok for almost a year and all I can say is its amazing! unless you get banned and have to make a new account when your at 1k
VISHAL Kansas
supper
super
osme this apps
osm app
😊😊
ehek
thik hai
this is like the worst its so laggie and like tic tok pleaaeeeee fix ur problem! ill come back with better rating if u fix it :)
M anil
this is the best
nice
Gd
can this app work on laptop or just phone i really dont know if it is going to work on laptop do you understand me i download it because it look lovely to me
nice
super app
very nice
Love story boy roni
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
sahi hai
Super app
its not opening today
sr
my name is nikhil tiwary
Nice
nice app
great app l am soo happy all the best app
great
🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃
good enjoy app and entertainment app
Hello, Please add Relegious KIMOJI for more fun and entertainment.
nice
cool
good
FANTASTIC APP I LIKE IT VERY NICE CHOICEFULL ATTRACTED ATTRACTIVE I LOVE IT AWESOME I WANT IT AGAIN AND AGAIN MORE AND MORE THANKS A LOT KWAI
super buper
nice much better
rq
it's awesome aap
Good App For Time Pass And Some good Knowlege For Everyone.
wow nice AAP
yaseen
nice to easy handle and choisy video
I really need ds App but i cant install. kindly help. tnx
nice
Awesome 😎😍
nice
Kwai i love the app and it is a very sucessful ,but i have faced some hardships through out time.When i try to post or send a photo to a friend or family memeber it does not let me,when i first dowloaded the app it allowed me to that.I do not understand what the problem is.If you have the answer please imform me of that.Other than those tiny problems i think you will be reading the best reviews and ratings!
super
nice
GOOD
Can't even search for hong kong friends id . Going soon I'll unintall .
सुपर्ब एक्सीलेंट माइंड ब्लोइंग इस एप्प में सब तो ठीक नहीं पैसा नहीं मिल रहा आजकल
🤙
nice
good
nice....
I love this app owowowwo
very bad time wasted system is very bad
huhg
beautiful aap
I can't log in it.
parmar
very good and very nice aap
nice lovely apps
superb.. osm..
so cool.
supervision and angle hindi South Africa
i like this apps
Raj singh
good app
super
hame ye app bahut mast lagaa
nice
good
Nice
it so best
nice
naci
I like APP
good
good
so very nice
banyak lagu yang menarik
can't download 快手 Chinese version??? I don't want my country version
it's ok but nice🤔🤔
I am working best in this app but not given by 💰.so i want work my best and received money.your app best but not pay the money.what is this your problem in app.
great app I luv it
gd kwai
thanks for your reply
nice app
suprrrrr hit
nice ap
this is awesome app more fun
Awesome❤
first time using this nakakatuwa 👍🏻
beautiful app
Super best
Nagendra Mahto
not better than likee ir tik tok but is ok
nice
nice
nice
this is so cool
best
best app
nicely apply
good Thought
My videos r meeting community guides lines and r similar videos like other people but keep getting labeled as inappropriate i will give a better rate and review when they can get there act together
បងធំ
Good game
👍👍👍👍👍👍
bagus gak bikin bosen
It's only problem is that it glitches
Very nice game
Its kinda anoying but its fun
ASAWAM
😁🎉👍 great 😁
Different
Poor
Very good🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖 🎩 😁 👕👍Great! 👖
Great game lots of fun
Abdul rafe, hai,sami
Nice
It is so fun I love riftriding it is so cool I love aquapark.io
I live lots
This game is flipping fun!!!!
this is Entertament
I LOVE THE GAME
i think this game is phenomenal
Its amazing but theres always am add.when you win loose
Terrible graphics and wish it was a competition against real players
Best game
Good
This a fun game
The game is fun
Iliketoplaythis
Addicting
Pro
Nice
Entertaining
I Like it
Fun
jd
GOOD
Your game is so cool now im not boring everyday
Asda
Bets game
You should get it
we can enjoy a lot by this game
Addictive
The app is very good
Meet
हा गेम खुप चागला आहे.👌👍🏅🏅
Good game
It's fun especially if you want to waist your time 🙂
I love it
I love this game it is soooo goood
👌
Fun interesting and very imaginative Cool
This game so fun and so funny
Good
Nice
So awesome game my mind is free is game
It's fun. 🤪
Best of best
Such an easy game
It's addicting but a bit to many ads
It is veryyy veryyy dash game And it is wastage of data and time When you download the game they will ask you for personal data, don't download it.
Its very fun
Good
Download Tik Tom it is the best app ever don't do load this app
Good
Nice
My diary part 1
Hey i love this game already I Just Started
it is very nice
I want to be nice
Happy
عالی
Awesome
this very excited game
Cooll
Good but graphics need work
too many ad that we cant skip
Id like to play against real people. Not just Bots that teleport to you when your a mile ahead.
Love this game
Ok
Good
This is amazing but it would be better if u cut down on the ads.
Its a cute game
Cool game!
Your ads even suck here are some reasons why (1) the person is placed 21st even when they are in the lead (2) you made the placement 21th instead of 21st
Nope... You know why.
Needs more sound and levels great for passing time
Not enough stuff to do
A lot of the games they make, are fun. They all just have to many ads in them. I stopped downloading their stuff.
All your games are frustrating because of obscene amount of ads.
Oh my gosh!This offensive game is not honest!The other players still show up even I turned the Wifi off or setting it as flight mode.The other players are just bots but this rubbish set itself as and multiplayer game. Furthermore,it is just too easy which I can skip levels by jump over trunks.Voodoo,please,please don't make these rubbish games anymore!
I just got this game because my friend got it and it looked pretty cool. Now here's why the game gets 2 stars. First of all somehow no matter HOW far you get in the race the bots SOMEHOW TELEPORT BEHIND YOU. Plus this game has ad about every single run and whenever I try to turn the game spazs out and the I play another round and have to watch ANOTHER AD. I like the main basis of the game but devs this game needs some work.
,एकदम झकास game 👏👏😀😃😄🎢🇮🇳🇮🇳
Love it.
I don care
This game is superb
If you are show mini map of that so that make more good
awesome!and fun!
Nice game
Nice
Nice time killer. Could use some sounds
Funny
I love aquapark because i can fly and it just sooooo amazing and can u upgrade it please by putting new maps on the game and we would be able to choose our map we want to go to please thank you🤗🤗🤗🤗😄😄😄😁😁😁😊😉😉🖒❤💓💓
love it😎😎
Its fun but sometimes theres a glitch happning and why someone is always in the first spot
Worst game ever. Way to many ads also way to glitchy worst game EVER
Fun
It is super gud
I love it
Fun
This Game Glitches Sooo Bad You Cant Move What So Ever On It Or You Die!!
It is fun
This game is fun !!
This sucks.
it good
Cool
I would of gave it 5 stars But it Kicks me out when i just want to play and it lags so much when i perfectly have Good wifi but i still love this game.
The game is a great concept but the controls tend to delay a lot which makes this game unbearable to play.
Because it repeats all the level again after u crossed all the levels
Mast
Try this very satisfying io
😂😂😂😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😃😃😃😍😍😍😍😍😍😝😝😝😝😝😝
Ayush
Bestie game
Lit
I really like it, bumping others off if too much fun! looking forward to more levels and new tracks. would be good if the characters had unique qualities
Good
It's fun
good good
Brivo its good im in love with this game
Good luck today is 6th grade
This app sucks it makes you go down when you don't want to and makes you lose I suggest not to get this app IT IS THE WORST 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎 👎
It is nice games 👍
It's nice and fun but too many adds
Good game i ever play but not good lije free fire
Very relaxing and enjoyable
This was one of the most fun and addicting .io I have ever played!
Its good
ROBLOX IS BETER!!!!!!
It's okay to kill time if you're bored. But it's obvious that it's not real time players and there really isnt any ultimate goal because you just keep doing the same levels over and over with really nothing to purchase with your coins. It's still fun I guess tho.
It is so fun that I play every day
I love this game
The best game ever
Well it's fun addicting and you don't need WiFi when me and my family go on trips I can always play it. Honestly I think this game is really fun.
This game is really fun and i'm really good at it.😊 Love it!
AWSOME!!!!
Feels good
its real cool but... the ads are really annoying, and i wish we could have a online multiplayer.
I it's so easy I always win I love it
Just what the hell is this game. It is one of the most aggressive making game and too much of nonsense. Just a baby flying in the air. WHAT!! So crazy and this is game a CRASH not a SUCCESS. Improve or no one is going to like this game
I love it fun you can move every where
Terrible game. Not multiplayer, enemies will teleport if you get too far, and if you jump off the plataform you always win no matter what...
Ihate ut!!!!!!
I just like it
Not enogh skins and there should be more levels not the same one over and over again.
Fun but you shouldn't have to watch ads as a reward for winning. Losing, sure... but 1st place? Nah...
T^T
This game is absolutely the worst game ever plus stop with your ads they are cringey and f*** your game also it's really laggy and has a lot of bugs AND STOP WITH YOUR TERRIBLE ADS
Its amazing
Fun game
I love the game.
The game is fun
Although I do think it is a "fun" game, it loses it's replay-ability after about 30 min... Why? Because there are few levels, ads ruin the game if you play risky, and it is ALL OFFLINE! There is no online play... Seriously? This is a perfect online game... And there are glitches... Everyone magically catches up to you no matter how far ahead you land... Just no... It's fun at first and QUICKLY loses its luster...
It's fun but the lag is making me die so much but it's the best game ever and,I hope they fix it is like the best game in 2019
Good game
Do not buy and support greedy developers, game is ad ridden to the point that its more ad time time than game time.
So fun
The best game ever
Awesome game
Good I think good for chirldren
Good
Don't get me wrong it's a good game but when you start and you jump to the end other people all the sudden teleport to the end and I landed in the pool then it said I died
I winn noobs😂😂😂🙄
This is the BEST game ever if you're an addictive person 💝💝 x
Molly is the most popular and successful in the world
Omg. The ads are so annoying! And the robots always cheat and just appear and spawn wherever. So annoying 😒
It is so fun
Soooooo adi
I love everything and the graphics but it keeps crashing
Good
It is awsome i love this game but i always end up in 12th place but outherwise i love this game❤️and why does it say not designed for children thers nothing inappropriate about this game?
Fun
AMAZING GAME I LOVE THIS
Love it
Trash.
I like it
Good game
It is great
I Fly... .
IT good
I hate this game. 1 star cause when i kill 14 people to be frist and then when i kill 'perfection' and i jump to skip everything after i kill them and when i skip to the pool "perfection" would get me and then when there was 16 players and the charts of who's drist and 2nd or whatever i saw this 1. Me 14😱 2. Djjdbsbsv 2😱 3. bdbsvsjbdbd 1😱 4. bsnsbebbwbs 1😱 5. Hdbdvshhevdh 2😱 6.1😱 7.1😱 8.3😱 9.2😱 Add that up. Thats what i mean you dont play with real people
So addicting
This is a very fun game and quite addictive the only problem is that it glitches sometimes and once it was just me on the water slide!!
Love it
good amazing
❤❤❤❤❤
This game is amazing
Good gameplay
It is nice
Amazing Game
How are you suppose to play a game when all you can see are ads?
Fun and very addicting
This app is for kids
I think you should be able to go back and play levels you've already beat. Other than than that it's awesome and fun. No but seriously we should be able to go back levels when we can do that 5 stars for sure
It's so amazong A fun gane! Competitive But a great game!
Why no coins for winning the race?
I can never get bored od this game
Me encanta
Go
Just great
Never ending levels I love it but why does is say not advised for children
very nice thanks for this game best game
Game is really fun to play, love it. HOWEVER I discovered most if not all other players are bots and not real people which takes away most of the fun, it is also deceitful because the devs try and make them pass for real players.
Enertaining
Best ever
Meh
A repetitive, imbalanced game that involves little to no amusement along with frequent and extremely intrusive ads. Your time is best spent elsewhere.
It's good could be better
Nice and fast and good coniction
Really enjoy the game, however it can get boring once you've unlocked all the characters. Also there are a lot of ads which can be annoying.
I like this game but its very lackey and the players aren't even real but not to many adds so this app is kid friendly
Ammamaya amazing!!
I get to knock ppl off🙉🙉🙉🙉
Not real multiplayer. Way too easy to "win" bots are programmed to stay near you. I can hit almost every box and stay in like 6th place with the competition close by but the second I jump off and go in first they are teleported right behind me. And if it was real multiplayer you wouldn't start in last place every game
You'll spend more time watching ads than playing.
funing time
Beautifully game
Bad
I love this 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
exlent
Coooooool
Awsome
It is good for tp but need to upgrade fps
Amazing
Action packed
Wow
Дуже багато схожих рівнів, дуже мало змін (тобто міняються кожні 5 рівнів по кругу 3 місця!) Чесно-це просто жахливо
i love the game
روووووعة
Pooop
Hi hi
Hjh you gur
Very easy to play it.
Addictive as hell
I have pleyed this game many time but some time i got 1st and some time 15th so i delet the game i like this game
Best
Amazing game
Wow game .
Maza
Nice game for time pass
Thank
Great game
Nice game
This is a good time to get a chance to win the game and the chance to get you. I am very tired this is a game to play. Barbie this name is my. My real name is suhana. Thanks,you and please enjoy this game. Bye bye
عالی
I gave it one store I wish I could give you the zero stars because this game gives me anxiety and it gives so much ads once you lose a game you get a ride on your phone you have a like it's so annoying I wish I could just give it a zero cuz it gives me so much anxiety that I smack myself in the head and scratch myself I hate this game so freaking much I can't even stop because I scratched my chin and my eyebrow this game oh my God I like this post if it gives you anxiety because it gives me lots
Terrible and not what is advertised. All bots and same names every game. Can win most maps by flying off the slide immediately and gliding to the finish.
Haul Usu
I really enjoy this game it's like my favorite but my only itue is that it does not get harder and harder as much so ya at the end it's like the best
This game is the worst
Very fun
nice😁😁😁
nice
IT SUCKS
designed for children yeah right
Good one
👍
Nice
So first of all i wanted this app then made ne delete a tons of my apps DONT DOWNLOAD THIS I HATE IT!!!!
It is so fun and I am exited for the new maps to come out! And I love this game!
It's is a good game pepper sid player it
So awsone 🤗😁
Its really fun aand you can challenge your friends. I really recommend this app. Love it so much!!!!
Great
Enjoying ...
Fun game
Love this game
Nice game
Super
Fun
My favourite game😘😘😘😘😘
I IS a very good game it's just is a little to laggy
It is fine
I love the game and it has a panda and I love pandas 😍😍😍😍😍
Good game
This was the most trash game ive ever played id never play again i think it needs to be removed from the app store
Nice
Good but people can knock u off and it's annoying
Brilliant
Need sound ? Fix it plz
Enjoy
V. Bad game
Superb
I love this game because it's like a challage but you can skip ❤❤💖💖
K.o.
This was a cool game
Cool
Awesome game super
Wow
The best swimming game ever move it whatever you want to do with it slide around to win fast😊😊😊😊Down load it and try if youl like it
If u need watch advertising download this game...highly recommended.... Every where advertising.. Great work
I LOVE THIS APP IT MAKES ME HAPPY AND NOT BORED IM ALLWAYS PLAYING IT I wish you made an update 😄
Its a great app to entertain you if you're going on a road trip! I could play it for hours!
I love it
Best game ever
Lags a lot
Yash Jain
nice
I love aquappark.io l want to do it on my phone but it is not working
It's a really good game and it's fun I always play this game with my baby brother and he always asks to use the phone but it freezes on and you bored at the but I gotta say it's worth it. Thank for putting this game on play store
Super game
Wow such a nice game this is my favourite game
Lit Awesome
I love game
really fun
Very good game
Lot like that
Very laggy and no sound
Awesome game
Chloe And Ryan
Nab Bablu Nizami
It great I frickin love it dudes
Good game
To much adds
Love how no matter where you are, no matter how far ahead you get, the bots are programmed to always be right behind you. Stupid. Uninstalling.
It was fun a easy i also like it bc it is easy i dont like hard games so i really really like it💓😍
This is a very fun and enjoyable game
Its a good game but got bored. Map are still not changing.
best game ever
Good game
Mjo hi mjo
Recommend this game
Waaaauyyyyyy too many ads
Robots
Its fun, but way to many ads
Good not the best game in the world but it still is a good game to have
Nice
Love it!
Ooo how much you can do this make game
the playstore has poor quality control obviously.
Slime that I have a burger
I love it 😍❤️😘
You are playing ROBOTS not other real players. Winning means nothing.
Hdh
enjoying the game
This is a really good game
Best
Super
Good
Asks for too much data permissions
Wow
Love it 😍😍 😍😍 😍😍❤️♥️
Funn game but make there should be a harder difficulty and add more levels. And more people yo unlock because I just started yesterday and already completed the game.
It's so much fun
its so funny because i can still win
Love it its fun game not for kids only but for adults as well
Its so funnnnnn and addicting
🖐
Best time pass game ever. No need of net no need of more ram also.
i love donload now
super
Amazing
Good
I absolutely love this game
Brilliant and entertaining👍
This game is good,but dont forget that this game is not multiplayer.You play with bots.If this game was really multiplayer i would give 5 stars,but it's NOT!?
It is very good game🛀🛀🛁🛁
Best game
👍👍🏻👍👍🏻👍👍🏻👍👍🏻Wow
I really love it
Fun overall !!! ;)
Fun
This is very bad game
Mohr.Tasleem
Good
GOOD JOB !!!😍😍😍😍😍😍
I installed the game and then I uninstalled it because every game I play there is a ad I hate it😡😡😥
if im pogi men
Special gsme
Very fun GAME I really enjoyed it and it's easy to win I highly recommend this app for all ages
Good game
Awesome
Amazing game !!!! Ohhhh
Cool game Is it online? Too?
Lag
Good
Cool but why i am always at the last
👍👍👍
Fun❤
I like it
It is an amazing game
As soon as you boot up the game you're thrown into the "Data Collection" pit, three big marks to check. Good way to start up the game.
Lol nice &cool😁
It was truly a good experience to play the game and it seems to be a very good TP(time pass) game
Its a great game so far.
This is so great I have it on all my phones and tablet I never get bored of it 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😙😚😗😘😘😘🤗🤗🤗🙂🙂☺☺☺
Best game ever and all of the people that made it are awesome. All you need is in this game. Push people jump onto slides win and let your anger out. #😘😗😁
Very nice game
Nice
it is so good
Jai
Horrible game 🙅
Unrealistic jumps by competitors.
Thebest game everrrr!!
It is so lagiiiiiii!!!!!!!!!!!!
Slaw
Nice
Ok game sort of repetitive though
The lag is real ;-;
I love this game because i come first hope people have a lot of fun with this game😊#Best game ever
hahahaha
Very addictive
Let's win the first number without touching the screen bad game of my life
It's free and that's a great price
Cool
Nice game
so bad
so far it is really good I saw my sister play it and we were in love with the game so I definitely suggest this it's a very fun and it doesn't have that much ads but I would just be aware of the aunt cuz you all know that some ads can get really annoying but other than that this is a good game
Good
Super
Nice
Osm game
Pretty fun version of a racing game
It's good game this game problem is it will be downloading is very late
I completed all stages many times please increase stages more......
It's a good game and when I'm upset it calms me down😊😊😁I give it a 5 out of 5 😁😀👍😊👍✨
So much fun!
it is so bad game
Amazing
Gooooooddddd
Good
Magaling
the game is laggy its probably my ipad but if its not then try to fix it please?
I always get 1st
HIwI LPVE DIS AKSLPSKEJENR
Love it
Good game
Fun and easy to play. I hope they have more options to buy things with the coins that were won.
Sucks
This game is very great! you have charecters and you get to pick which ones you whant and change there names! The more times you win the more points you get .btw the more points you collect the more charecters you can unlock!!! The reason why i did 4 stars is becuase if you have realy good wifi or data it will be very laggy BUT if they can fix that i will give it all 5 stars. I realy suggest this game i play it every day!
It's a really really good game but your playing against robots NOT real people. I probably have played the same person like 10 times. THERE IS SOOO MANY ADDS. It's very addicting I like the game it is fun if u are bored.
Its cool
Nice
Amazing..😙😙
His guys it is very challenged game amazed
Good game
You can't control the character properly and go to another direction properly..
Great game
Too easy, bug af, the players are fake, you can fly off the slide into the pool to win
Prateek choudhary
super game
There is no challenge level increase per level you can clear level by only start level your player play automatically.
Amazing
EVERYTHING IS COMPUTER COUSE EVERYTIME I JUMP SOO FAR AWAY AND THEY TELEPORT TO MY BACK I DONT LIKE THIS GAME! 😠😠😠
Sooo lagy
10000000% recommend if you like offline and racing games
Its super fun and easy to play
It a fun game and doesn't need WiFi
Rishi parmar
so very cool
It's the best
Fun game
Its pretty fun a little glitchy and too many ads but overall I like it
I like this game and so adictive ,I had play this game many times but it not boring.....😊😊😊👌👌👌👌
Love the game but i have two problems with it. Firstly, it is laggy a bit. Not very laggy but still, fix it if possible. Secondly, im noticing that im not getting the newer maps going beyond asia on my android device. However, my friend has this same game, and they have all the newer maps (going beyond asia up to hollywood). Their device is apple. Im guessing its cause of the device difference but would really like to know y this is happening. Thank u.
I want this game is so coool
Gooood
Good game 😎
This game is a. Good game
Its a wonderfull game i 100% recomend !!
I hate it so much my dudes jk
Alright
Very fun and entertaining
Excellent game...
A second into it its fun for me alredy.
Cool
It need to make online battle
Fun
Horrible game
Great
Cool game
Fun
Awesome!
AWESOMENESS
🍆🍆🍆good game i yeet children🖕👍
FIX THE GAME BECAUSE WHENEVER I AM CLOSE TO THE FINISH I JUST SAW BOTS THAT THEY ARE ON MY TAIL ALREADY EVEN IF THOSE BOT ARE SO FAR FIX THIS FISHY GAME
Great!
Cool time waster
I love it
So best so much😊😊😊😊😊
Horrible Do Not Download
Terrible experience glitchy and over run by ads.
Great Amazing
Fun and easy but its kinda laggy
Wish there was some sound. But it's fun.
Nice games
Vijaysingh
This game is amazing. The first day i was going to download this game i thought that would delete this game in a second. But i was really addicted to this game. Normally i would delete an app the second day but this game is sooo amazing that i do not want to delete it. I really recommend this app for you. But there is only 1thing i want changed its that sometimes is glitches.
Its a little bit laggy in 3gb ram device
Cause it's fun
ע מחיי ע עט מת
Best
Um it nice but it really make me mad when I DON'T win!
Love it but still waiting for more levels and skins ,I still wish for more
Its pretty hard
Pretty good, but should be online
Super😍😍😍😍😍
Really fun gameplay awesome graphics
Hehehehehehehehe
Very fun
It's a great game, don't listen to the"not designed for children" it only says that because you can fall and die . Still it is an awesome game,i love it and download it NOW!😃😃😃😄😃😃😃
Super fun
Omg
Cool game
Haha...love it
LOVE IT!!!
Pleasemake more😻😋😇👍
Good
I just like it
I know
It's really good no lag at all for me.
Yay
the cool game
I would give this 5 stars but here are my reasons why i give it 2 first of all my friends play this game too and they have ios and they have the game updated and they have new worlds and on my Android i only have the 2.8 version please fix this problem 🙏💓
Can't wait for the rest
GREAT GAME 👍👍👍👍👍💩
So fun It is good
It is a really good and fun game
it is the best game I have ever played in my entire life
Yay
Not even a game....you always start last. All you habe to do is get to the front and stay in the middle. No matter what you hit, u will win. No matter how big a short cut you take, theybstay right behind you as well. Once you notice this after about 10 min of playing, the game is done.
Fun
Oh yeah yeah
Cool
Amazing
I like you I'm so glad to have this game 💜💜💜💜👍👍😡👍😘😘😘😘🤩🤩🤩🥰😁
Bbb hanged
Its relley fun But it fezzez
I really like this game, but I hate that it glitches all the time! Sometimes it won't even let me jump off the slide!
Love it
This game is so fun!!!You need get this app I love it
top
I like this.
It is so laggy and none of my games are even a little laggy! Why?
This game is trash
N/A
I have not played it before but i think its an awesome game
Awesome
Quite fun games. But the bot is cheating. I jump so far away but the bot suddenly comes behind.
nice game
Its ok
It glitches all of the time and theres more ads than the game
It's so fun❤❤❤
Awesome
I love aqua park .io.
I'm only doing this because the thang keeps asking
Nice
There were WAY to many ads. I watched ads more than I played the game.
To much ads.
I lrean how to slide
It a good game
You guys inspire me to play this everyday and everyone i know has this game ❤️
It is good. Love Hanna
Awesome
Fun
Soooooo fun
Sucks toooooooo many ads
No No
This game is fun to play when your bored
Good
Fun
Yeet
HELPS ME LOSE ENERGY
Love this game
Good
Its a good game i just wish they put less adds
The best game!!
So good
My freinds said aqua park wont work on samsungs but will on iphones so for my birthday i got an iphone but it still doesnt work!
Mvp
God game
Relley good
This game is do fun because it's easy to wip out my phone and play me and my two friends play all the time
Pp suck
The gameplay itself is fine, but the ads make it unplayable. I don't mind ads, companies have to make their money, but this game has an ad after every game and a game could last just 10 seconds. After clicking the continue button to skip the ad, you have to click a second one that says to specifically skip the ad. It makes the company look like a bunch of amateurs that's putting up illegal content. Very disappointing for a game that looks like it had the potential to be very popular.
Love the game definitely recommend it!!!!
Fun I guess
I love this game
Its very funn
you can like try to end😁😁😁
It's fun to race down the slide and be able to fly off and land ahead!
I like that you can play online
Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Its my first time I played Aquapark.io And......... I'm still playing the Game!!!!!!!!!!!!! So I will be GREAT AT THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dear aquapark io, This experience is very dissapointing. I thought you said,"Reach to the end of the water slide, try to be the first. Bump other players during the race and have fun playing this colorful and sunny water slide game.'' They're just bots. When you jump and land on the slide, the players instantly pop up out of nowhere. The names bunny, kitten, mom, and dad are names frequently used. I will tell others how you lied. Therefore, you deserve 1 star. If I could rate lower, I would.
#1 best game io.
Just downloaded it and already addicted! It's so fun and full of competition! Even though it's just a game, it induces any fear of heights that you may have! So fun! Download it now!
Good
Cant even see the slide FIX THIS
Ok
Amazing app just need 2 add more locations to play the game Need new skins and ya
This is a very good game, I can't wait to see the other places. Overall it is great
It stupid
This game is so fun
OMG!
It's simple but addictive lol
It's really fun It's like so fun and amazingggg
Good
Good game
GOOD Game!
I mean, all the other players are fake amd the game lacks any logic, but its pretty hecking fun to play anyways. However, it irritates me when I jump and the other players instantly catch up to me. Furthermore, the death count and the players peft alive at the end is irrational because it starts eith only 16. Why do I always start in last place anyways? Because I'm the only real player.
OK ITS An amazing game but...... ........ Not Designed For Children? WHAAATTT WHYYYYY IM A CHhIld so WHHYYY
LOVE IT THANKS
Bad ads and the players are AI
why is it not for children
I mostly enjoy this game
It amazing
I love it
Amazing
It so nice
Good
Love it 💝🦄
Cool
Fun cuz I'm winning
Ads and bots are all over this game.
Awesome game
I hate it because it doesn't let me play
Since update just adds👎 think I'm going to uninstall
Love this game😁
It is a good game it inspired me a lot so I recommend you getting the game
Hasnain
♥♥♥♥♥
Slow slow slow stupid
And i opp
I love it
stress free
Amazing
yeeted off slideds is fun
I love it..i like pushing people off 😊
It's so fun
Awesome Cool
It a great game
It will always glitch when i play or kick me off the game it is a good game tho but with all the glitchin and stuff i dont like playing it no more its justvnot rlly worthbthe time and the adsssss omg there are always ads here and there before a race after a race so if you get tis and it starts to glitch DELETE IT.
Love this game
Kinda poo but ki da good
The controls are suprisingly well😊👍
It has too many ads and also is very glitchy and your racing bots not other people and they teleport to you
Very Fun
Nice
My dude there is something is lag
Ads every game bots that teleport and so much more
Its nice and recommend by me
This game is fun can u make a chat so we can talk and more things for this game
It's fun to play when you're bored
😡😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
It's not too bad but it can get boring. And why when you finish all the maps it goes back to the first one. I don't like that make more maps. O ya and why are the bots so bad make them better. Make a online game where you can play with online players. If you fix these problems i will like this game more.
I love this game
Its... Okay, i guess. It's really laggy and has an OVERLOAD of ads.
I'M NOT A KIDO HEHEHE
so fun
It's Fun! It's a little hard to steer with your finger and still be able to navigate where you're going, but it's still fun!
NOPE REALY BAD DO NOT GET like why is this soo GLICHY??? WHYYY? LIKE I LOVEEEE VOODOOS APPS BUT THIS WAS JUST SAD.... you....just be ashamed that i am a BIG TIME voodoo fan and this... was just sad😥😥😥😔😔😔😞😞😞
Quite a good game Really enjoy it One of the games I play most
Nice
Mast game hai re baba
It works . Its fun.
It is the best
Awesome
Aquapar. Io
Omg love this damn app !!
Gg
This game is my 10th favorite Because you die very fast
So bored
It's an easy but addictive game
Its fun but I get laggy sometimes :^
Nice
LOVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so happy I downloaded this
Need Multiplayer Options and more obstacles and options
All I got to say is this game IS So boring it's funny all u fight against is bots there not even real people and the advertising sucks if they fix the advertising and the bots this game could be but for now it's a 2 star I would give it 3 but it's really lagy.
Nice game for time pass
Bu juda zor
a good game
Awesome Game
Don't
It's fun but the only thing I don't like is its a little glichy
Fun
Land game hai be
It's not good😂
It's so fun and awesome it so easy but hard when you first play it
It's nice.Fun to play
It is good I really love the game so far
Is so good I like
Nice game 🔥 #game
Super l am in 300 level
This game is awesome
It is the best game ever. I am addicted to it
This game is fun bc i like u get better at it
I think it look so cool
This game is not that good it is boring
Bad
,😁😁
Play 5 seconds (yeah litteraly) and watch a 30 seconds add. First time I see that !
I love this game it is so fun and great to play when you are bored
Aa dobra je -good
Nice fun game
Amazing 😊😁❤😀
Fun Just some ads
Great game but please fix the mechanic where no matter how far I get AIs appear on top of me. It makes the game boring when yli physically cannot outrun AIs
Very boring
Simple fun game pick up and play Anywhere, no glitches waiting for more content.
It is a fun game you guys shoulde play this game
Omg this game is soooo fun it os like i am competing with onliners😂and somtimes is lose so ot makes me mad😒but this game is fun tell the creator i liked it i love ot so much i can play it till im 100 but right now im 10 soo yea but i love the game so peace😘😋
Its great and it has a amazing graphic
5 You
Fun
I can't stop playing this game ♥️🎀
Super game
خیلی باحاله😁✌🏼👍🏼
Dope game just to many ads
Its a great game to play when you got time to kill, with your non dominant hand, with no internet. Its a fun thing to absentmindedly. Wouldnt play under any other circumstance tho.
Horrible
Too many Ads
I realy dont like this app because i gives a lot of ads
I like it
So realistic
It is a very good and entertaining game
Nice game
It's fun but it's so laggy
It is a good game
Bad game 😫
Let's see
I love this game so much!❤
Good
Very bad game
This game is good but i only put 4 stars because it is so laggy but otherwise it is good❤❤❤😁
It's realy fun
Antap
Love it so much its so fun and addicting.
The worst! When im about to win on my phone,it just automatically shuts down the game! I wish to rate it 0 out of 5. Also,it kept saying "WE ARE WATCHING YOU." It's really creepy. I uninstalled this game. Whoever about to install this app or already has,DELETE IT NOW!!! IT DELETED MY MESSAGES APP!
Every level you beat or round you get ad after ad.There are so many ads.
Excellent game
I just like the game, it is so much fun to play. Better to also play this game.
This app is very good please check it out
Still installing it
This game is amazing! My nine year old loves it and got me hooked on it as well! I think the s game is great for kids, and is very kid friendly. Even though the cute little caracters are in bathing suits there is zero partial neudedy! Love this game
Superrrrrrrrrrrrrr game
So much fun game to play with my family and friends races and you can do it all the time and where are you doing today and I have to be in the morning to you later on today is the first time I was in the morning to you later on today and tomorrow is a good night baby I love you too baby girl and she is not a good time to get it from me for my 👪 is in the morning to you later then we went to the gym today and OK cool thanks for letting us stay in bed with a few weeks ago we were going to bed
aquark.io
sud to pewdiepie
This is amazing
It's lagging!its hard to control my character it made me pissed!
Nice game good graphics. Easy to play
تت
This is a fun concept but its developed very badly. You say that i am racing with real-time players, but instead i get bots to race with. And every time i die i get an ad, even if i dont want to watch it! And i also bet all the positive comments are literally botted users to get you that great rating. This is the fakest game ever. I would recommend an uninstall, and if the "Not developed for children" message means Demonetization then im glad for google because this is hot garbage. Uninstall now
NICE
So good👙💦
I love this game
S7eusu Eleke
Its is nice and easy to play
It could be fun but it's not. The objective is reaching the bottom first but no matter how you do it "people are gonna be right behind you (always). Looks awesome and a great concept but executed badly.
I love it
Bots.
Awesome
게임은 재밌지만 랙이 자꾸 걸리네요😅
I love it
Boring and super repetitive
Very nice game but my coins is not redeem how I do
Awesome!
Hello Good evening Today . I Expect The Aquapark.io Is not Good And The finish On Download Is so Very Nice :) And I give A 5☆
They could have made more people and at time's it wouldn't let me move left and right so it's a 4
I thought it was going to be a fun game but when you get on the water slide if u jump off at the very start and land at the very bottom the other players catch up in literally 2 seconds. It's so annoying I had to delete.
Gu game. This is gu game.i start a match. At first i jump and i am in pool.i won every match.this is solo game. We want squad game.my family members play this game everyone died.this is bad game. 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Its adicting
Omg It's amazing totally
To many ads
Awsome
Very good game also its offline so I really like that part plus it works perfectly.
The best game
This game is very unique and interesting but, shortly after it gets boring
super
No words i just like it.
Nice
Execcelent
Eww
Meh it's good somehow it's just very laggy on moblie
It's super awesome
it's so fun....
I like it
Is horrible to control
Awful game with no effort (not even music) put into it. It's clear that the game is just a cash grab for the developers.
Find me my name is sakko on the game sooo yeah p.s best app in the world
This app is great because i got so many skins 😊😊
I just love it😜❤❤
it is very fantastic game and it is learn how to swim
Fantastic game
Swimming
di kaybaw molangoy
Nice and my favorite game
It fun!!!!!!
😁😁😁
This game is fabulous.......but the problem us add
Nice
Unbelievable game mind blowing game pubg killer
Very giod
My favourite game
Super
My diamond is decreasing all the time..
Super
Now ur update was super
Best game ever
Highly
i like this game it is very lovable game
Much more best than pubg
Very nice game
Frosh Ganga vt
Shankar
I love you free fire
😙Free fire 🚀supra🚀😙Game but😧 free fire 🐢slow🐢 starting and leg Hota Hai Samsung Galaxy J2 please 😦fix all problem😧please help🙏 Garena free fire👌.
both hard
Nice game
need more island plzz
🤣
This so osm I am playing this game from 1st session but I had never experience boring that was osm😎😎😎
good game
Very nice game
Superb..........
Thanks for the game
So great its the best
I like 💗 this game....
free frie
beast game
I love this game
In this game they lot of hacker come to play so pls banned there account garena 😩🤒I must seen 8 and more times while I playing
K.ajay
best
Baljeet singh sidhu
Best game
This game is so good
Nice
My free fire account is not wen I am going to free fire it loading on loading please see my account name is Superma1355A
This is very cool game
It is very nice
We need auto headshoot
Nice game
This is was the worst game ever
So birliyent good
freflree
Cool game
So nice
Boss😎 1000000000000000000000000000000000
This game
Nice Gameplay
ayushmaster
Me siento satisfecho con el juego pero por favor saquen a esos HACKERS que ya ni se pude jugar bien.
ดีมาก
It is an excellent game.I am playing this game for one year and I think no other game is as best as it.
Is game ke jaisa kai nahi😘😘☝☝☝
Best game
Good
FF better than PUBG . But FF has to improve his graphics
Nice app
Nice
They missed my favorite mode Clash squad in the game so I just uninstalled the game 💔
Not working on 2 gb ram phones
Best
goooooddddd gameeeeeerr
It is aowsome game and I like its graphics and controls.I have 3 gb ram phone but I cannot play pbgy I play free fire.
Madhan
The best game in the world
Aryan sain5446x🤗🤗🤗
.v if c UGC couch
Very interesting game
Very very excellent Game aap
Its nice game yeah
Nice
Nice game and play easy.
I installed this game I have a MP40gun I am very happy
annuraj
Awesom game
Karen das
Hi free fire friends
agar apdet
🦸❣️💯👌
Osm
Good and nice game
Good game
in one word *its amazing game..
Free fire is grate
Super game
ranadas ,2060
asome
Very good game
Super game super graphics it is most wonderful game in the world ©️💯💯💯💯 my ID is charank5757c most of these game play army because of from this they come shooting
Sema full enternainment
ini game sangat mebuat saya sangat puas dvvdsfsdfsdfsdf
Gööd
Nice app
I likr it
You don't give rare items in diamond royal I did 22 spin but no rare item please give anything to me
Please make new ranks
Best
Pwoli😀
Telegram : @FreeFire_2020 💙
Nice game thanks garena
Mera nahi chal raha hai
I like it
Supar game
Exilent
So nice game !
Hot killer game
fantastic game... awesome... & it's more better then PUBG & hopeless land... ...
Oyahhh
Mind blowing game.. I loved it. It is the most creative game I have ever played. Thanks gerena for making the beautitul game..
vcbd
I love you ff
Super
Waste
It's perfect alternative for pubg !!!! Good graphics and low spaces but addictive same like pubg
power best tapi ade masalh download
Dap mon D Da
I think you can convert 3d grafhics like pub g then this will be top 2 game in the world
The game is so good
Vera level game
This is the best game in the word I like this game he is very nice game
Free fire mein main jitna hacker hi hai vah sabka ID band kar do please free fire
Nice games iove it graphich are not good please fix it please please please
Good
Super game
I can't
Thanks free fier
IS THE CLASH SQUAD EVENT PERMANENT?
GREAT GRAPHICS best online game.. requires less networl..
Super game! The person who had created the game is the best.
Wow new update
Extrem
Every thing ok
Inconvenienced and soyabin the most important thing is that the most important thing is that the most important 2to to look Wi-Fi password change the most important thing is that the most important thing is that the most important thing is that the most important thing is that the most important thing is that the most important thing is that the 18gata did it is not a bit more then u more than I can say guitar hero vako hoo aba 57hdhdyfbdudydheu yyu rouge to you dajuvai RamRo sanga parne hola 2Ab
Last two months i play this game this is very exciting game
Best game in the world
very nice game
super game joy ful
Try updated buat ada pintu
Amazing
Its very good game in world it is good than pubg
RAJVIR
Awesome game
Super
Very good
Faltu game.....akti
Nice
Best game ever I played 👍👍👍👍
Thanks so much for all
totally disappointed! every rank match i had face hackers!..they kills by vehicle , and no hard wall couldn't stop them, please stop this hackers and band there id as soon as possible .! if you are looking into it and fix that's kind of hacking then i will be back to give this game 5 star .
Best
Nice
Super
Good
Sureshbabu
free fire too good
Nice game
GOOD TO PLAY
Good
This game is amazing game
Nice
Free fire
This is the interesting game
Please give a 100 diamonds please please give a elite pass
I love this game but when I enter the game this game is just loading 25-30 minute then It is come. why is this the problem ?l uninstall this game.
Good
it is very good game it takes hardly 17 minutes to finish one game while in PUBG it takes 21 minutes these both games are outstanding but free fire is better , there may places in barmuda they are peak , clock tower , observatery bimasaki stip , rim nam village there are three types of bag ,bag level 1, 2 ,3 os best there are foue types of vests lev 1,2,3,4os best plz download this game it is better than PUBG☺☺☺☺☺☺☺😊😊😊😊😊😊😁😁😁😁😁😉😉😉 in pulgatry there are brazalia ,centreal , ski loot😁
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Priyanshu
Fake game
Freefire
Free fire game is very nice
In this game many hackers and bug like auto headshot, zoom-in zoom- out etc .garena not take any actoin . If this continues game will be over . So i request to stop all this bug and hackers .
Mindblowing game
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐🌟🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟⭐🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟⭐⭐🌝🌝🌝🌝🌝🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐🌥🌥🌥🌥🌥🌥🌥🌥🌥🌥🌦🌦🌦🌦🌦🌦🌦🌟🌟🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐🌥⭐🌥🌥🌥🌥⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐🌥⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌦⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐⭐⭐⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐🌟⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟S
Very poor game
Farhaan Sheikh Khan
Good
Expert in shooting
2nd anniversary in free fire
Syed.Gazi.Abbas..
Nice
Very very good game i like this game updates
Very nice to play with my phone it is very nice survieing game
I think you must add a global chat and night mode in ranked game 😊
Nice Game Mahn,,,,,,,,, Lets Go yeah
Amazing
Nice
Nice
Mast hai bhi
Update kaise kare options nahi hai
My favourite game
Not bad
Ayush
Nice game Yooo
Super
I Love Free Fire
Very nice very nice
It is so good game but graphics also It tell on thing that l who make the I tell him that improve more and more
Beast game
Excellent
it is very bad game dont west your mb
Trash🚮 they took off clash squad am really disappointed
Kya problem h yaar jb bhi login kro error bolta h bakwaash h har waar network error bolta h sahi kese hoga ye
The game is very very good game i like game i like you garena
Gd
Super
Abhay
nice
Cool
Supper hite game
DJPHANETKH
very nice
This is a very good game that i have ever played
It is very best game l give the 4 star's
Rajnee
super game in the mobile but lagging in 1,2 gb ram phones
Super
Super
Lovely graphic game🤗
ranjan
Best game in the world that,s why I will play this game
I like this game
Best game in the world it is very nice but not like pubg but it is very nice
Gamekonto
L K
Super se uper
Dj free fire
Plese decrese the rate of dimond in store and put the iron steel bundel in store plese plese
Om
Lite version but wonder ful app
Here are so mine hacker plases bande hacker
Nice
This game is very interesting and funny...
game ini sangat bagus
Dear,gareena it is a good game. I am playing this game for a year . But there is some diamond problem I don't have to money to pay for diamond please make a mode to get diamond free . Thanks
Attttttt Game Cool graphic Best to pubg
Nice
I LOVE THIS GAME SO GOOD
Very special !!!!
I love free fire I like this game
Cool
Ashim
Good game🎮
It is nice game
East or West ff is the best and two side gamer are the kings of ff the free fire is the best game but many member does not have emote please make a events like party emote like that and free fire is the best game🎖🎖🎖🎖🎖🎆🎆🎆🎆🎇🎇🎇🎇✨✨✨✨🎉🎉🎉🎉🐈🐈🐈🐈🐱🐱🐱🐱
Very nice Free Fire
best game in nepal
I m happy with usssssss
Fue Ywud.
This game is very amazing
Just kidding about 1star
Yes Debojit sarkar
Good
the best ever but not have latest graphics ☺😊😀😁😃😄plz make sure that updated graphics are working
dj devansh
Thanks for your awsome reward freefire
Please can you fix i e wall to i can stop car when hacker use please we dont have anything can stop hacker
Good to play
nice very good directory
Good
Wow nice game
Xoxo 💕😘😁☺💕
Osam
This game not downloading with WiFi
Same times freefire not working
I like this game 💖💛💚💙✌👍👍👍👌👌👌 This is not bed game but this game aim type is not good...😔 But This Is Better Than PUBG MOBILE lITE But PUBG MOBILE Is Best😍 I M First Played GARENA FREE FIRE In my LiFe So I Like It
Nice but it will be automatically off
great
Wonderful game
Hello Garena free fire best game
This is a very nice and interesting game. Congratulations for your 2 years anniversary.
Very superb game in my experience
I love this game
Awesome game
Free fire pubg is a nice
it is so good I love this game so much but I problem is that their is to much data catch game
bad graphic
best video 😍😍😍😍😍
so nice game please rate this app
Nice work keep it up.
Ali. Khan
Booyahhh. ...🐕🐕🐕🐕🍳🍄💎💎💲💲💲🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫
Nice
Nice
By the way the price of Diamont is very high...I am deleted for free fire game...or I am not budged Diamond
Super
Betttttttttttttttttttttttttteeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrr
good but note free
prem
I love free fire 🔥 but 10 offer send pannuga my friend free fire invite me😭😭😭😭
Worlds first nice game
Nice
Exelent game just briliant😍
My favorite game
Super
Gud game
Tilok
exilent
Very much good qame
Iam 15 time dimond card use and spain no rendem price no magic cubbe give magic cube why did t magic cube Iam leave this game
@Garena Free Fire I cannnot download the game Why
It's just awesome
Wonderful game thank you garena
Super game
G Good game
Good game
Garena please give my account back please
Really more intrested than pubg
It is very nice
Nice game Games king of free fire Smoth game play Elit pass is nice Music sound like a good
Rahul Shaikh
this games is verygood I realy love it
Nice game
Very nice game
Best game but the i am going to fire it not I have a thousand bullets
Osm
Anuj rajput login
Good game
I want 4 v 4 clash squad back. Where is it? I want it back. I want that back.
good games
Very nice 👌👌👌
Excellent
thanks for making this hame
Surya
Nice
👌
good
F.f ki
It's nice
Hi there is more hacker now please remove that virus
Abinash
The app is great every day I play it and u always give away free stuff
At least one should try it nice game
this is very good game but graphics not so good
My account has been suspended please help me to open the account
Hope
Nice
Amazing
Xff
This game is very best game I proud of you
Happy Anniversary
So many network problem
nyc
ठिक है
To improved this game and bug
Bahutkhub
Loved it
Hacker ... Are not stop in game because FF is not action against him... So low rating.
This game is but it needs improvement,while talking during the game it buffers a lot otherwise the game is very good
The name and photits to nice are I pile so much fix etc fiduciary evil
Really good working. I enjoyed this game
I am suspended but how I don't know and I am retring but it's not start I have clear data also and restart the game but saying your account is suspended. Please try to fix please😫🙏🙏💓
Very nice game 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
I love the game🎮
thise is a nice game
bien peur moi 😱😱😘😘😂
Tajudeen
what a game super
He are suspended my account
SUPER COOL GAME IN THE WORLD
Vvvvv
Iam like The game
Mast
Dev
Nice meet
Mantullllllllllllllllllllĺl
Super guns
Nise gsmes
Very superb game.
Good
Very very nice game
Best game
ALL IS WELL IN THE GAME BUT IMPROVE GRAFHICS LIKE PUBG. AND ADD NEW MAPS.and new wepons. but good
I give 1gb net but game is not installing please remove this please
super
Its awsm
Settu
Nothing describe
Better and time pass
Good game
wow
Excellent
Superd game
I love this game
Nice game
Thanks Garana
Very nice😎😎😎
Nice
Please new mode collect the one kill 7 diamomd
Manojkumar😊❣
Very interested app
Very nice
owesome game
@akahskahar
Hey garena we want the diamonds💎 Free from cost Fi
Tish is best game Garena free fire
Aman Khan Jhsbsnd
Mera 20 diamond tha per mane game ko open kiya to mere pas ek bhi diamond nahi tha kyu bolo mena itna diamond jama kiya or tmlog mera diamond le liya mera diamond bapas kro is Id pe Ritiksinha level 45 h
A lot of people are playing hacked vertion in this game and Pleas should ban their account
Geam nai hai do
I am not a hacker why you are banded my account why please give me my account please garena
Hii i am Sridhar enakku garena free fire game install agamatikuthu plies epdi yavathu game install akanum plies naa 4 thadava garena free fire game install pannan ana oruthavakkuda game eramattikuthu 100% game install akuthu ana game varamattikuthu plies😢😢 entha thadava game epdi yavathu varanum plies I love free fire game enakku free fire Romba pudekkum epdiyavathu game varanum plies I love free fire
Tt
Suoer
Makalode free fire wale kiku chupke my download karleye to be kiku install nai hone dere
Action + nice to see
GRATS MAGIC CUBE LAGI SAYA TIDAK DAPAT MAGIC CUBE
Wow this game is amazing
Pic 😁😁😁😀😀😀😀😂😂🤣🤣🤣😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎🚘🚘🚘🚘🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚎🚎🚎🚎🚍🚍🚍🚍🚍🚝🚝🚝🚝🚝🚝🚝
Nice
I like very much frew fire
Rain should be their
like
Very nice and warm and friendly game but there is haker in game please band the haker I'd pleases band. Free fire is the best game.
Game hay
HEMANT Kumar Mahto
Woh g
This the best game i never seen.This is best than pubg.It is only 400 mb but pubg is 2 gb. I like graphics.my name in freefire is luckysiddhu8. I love more my than others account But diamonds is more important so please give us daily atleast 50 daimonds and iam a pro player.
Sirra
After update game is boring
Good game
Just love it .
This is fantastic game
The most trustable game
Nice game but not better then pubg
Pubg is worst free fire is worst
nrkr
Mind blowing
Nice geme
this game is no1 in this world
World best game ever
Not solve Me Poblem👆👆👆👆👆
7 faa
My love
Super
Worst game I played in my life
Beat game
I Love Free Fire. This is a great online game.
Very good game
Good
It is very pakaou game
This game is multi-player and like a play unknowm battle ground like pubg mobile this game is really good and expensive data usage and well played but one problem is network problem please work on network problem bug fixed head shot auto bug fixed Good job free fire garena
Ye to pubg se bohot jyada wala accha game h qki ye data kam leta h aur isse storage v full ni hota.
This game is awesome
super🤩😍😘😁😁😁😁
Very good
The gameplay is best but the garena company are thieves they took my money and did not gave me any diamond .
Very nice game
I didn't like it Without brick swinger
Awesome
Again hacker are coming in game. Please band their id & device. And bring death race again.
Nice game
Nice game
Bablu
i love it
Nice game
More interesting than PUBG
Best game wow
Jay free frie
Its too good game never i played
Pabji se lakh Guna Achcha hai bhai sahab Jarur khelna
Bhai most game
Very very good game I love it
bakwas game
I.like
vansh
This is best game. This better than pubg. This is good game for mobile. All is best!!! but free fire is very best!!!!!!!!!
Amti
How are you doing today and tomorrow
Love this game
Ghar mai darwaja to lagao ...visaab koi vi aake ghus kaar maar raah haii.......
A very lol game but awesome and extremely fine updates
Hi Gigi is hmm I'm in u
Extremely one of the best game in the world
Nice game in the world
Bring back clash squard plzzz
It is bast game of world
Not nice
Good
All se bhi best
Good
wonderful
Aesgg
I love this game
King
Beautiful games
Best from pub g
Wow
In g hmm Fri 🌃 I
Good game but my phone lage ore 999+++hoyha
I love thid game 🎮
This so nice game l like this game so much
Sundar
This game is best best
Why delete clash squad? It super and i like more please return it
Do something for hackers after reporting still theyare in game
Vg
Too much game lag and voice lag. Garena you guys downgrading yourself constantly.
it is best game i ever play
Every day it wants to download the expansion pack please garena see this problem
Osam
Wow this game is very wonderful graphis,backgorund,back ground music and etc download now t Garena free fire
I love this game but one problem is I have no Dimonds to by any one 😩
It's a good game
Very interesting😀I love it😍
Terlalu buriqq ndak HD
I like very much 😍😍😍 tangu garena plz make anoter good games😢😍😍
Supper game but our mobile will damage we play continously
SRK
Sema Game
gjb hai
Because many hackers
I loved free fire . It is so intresting I am really loved free fire
Super
mantap
This game is the best in everything
Love it
Hj
Its game was very ossum but it's was very lag problem
Nice
Aarav
I. Love
Thanks for garena free fire
I like pubg but this game is cartoon game the pubg is real caracter game this game is best
बेकार गेम
Hey Garena This game is Awesome and good working I love this game
Tnx ff
Hallo Sir mene 20 spin kar diva no riyal item❓❓❓
Nice
NAWAZ ..... KHAN
Ak 56
Madhan
You can play this game you cannot play pubg please don't play pubg
vanrajgholap
Gr8....
I am face problem of "auto back" in free fire game. If I open new Facebook account and log in to free fire . I play 3 or 4 match first day and next day I face the problem of auto back when in the lobby. The skin of player become black and get back automatically. So I Re install the free fire. Please solve this problem. If I face same problem I not play free fire and others have the problems of autoback. Specially my friend have this type of problem.😔😔😔😢
Sanjay
I hate this game i consumed 40 diamonds to spin but i had a cat before and they gave me one whats that game ! i need my diamonds or another spin . you should put owned when spining
best par no diamond plese garena
It's very best game I have ever seen such a game .
This game is very nice
tsg is best two side gamers(jash,jain ritik)
I am not interested in your game because you are saying that this is lite in your phone only of 455mb but when I had checked my storage it shows that this games need 0.35 GB you have cheated us. It is kind request don't install this game
I bought 10 rs airdrop but didn't got the rewards .
East are west FREE FIRE is BEST
This is very very nice game
Super
Best game in India
This game super
nice game
The best game ever
Nice
This Game Is Bannded if you play this game 🚔🚓🚔🚓🚔🚓
Super exlant
Faltu
Suaiv l
Ping problem 😠😠😠😠😡😡😡😡😡
Superb for the best performance
Game is good but no rare item will get in diamond royale because server is bad
Good gema 😍😍😍
nice
World best game
this app is very nice to play to this garena free fire man Did not like this app who who play pubg mobile Because they like their choise and their i like this freefirethis game has anew upade here is Rampage claasic Ranked and purgot i am form nepal kathmandu please follow this game Garena freefire Anniversary
PUBG MOBILE KILLER
So good and good game😁😁😁😁
It's a money invested game
Super
Pooh
sumanta Acharya
F******🖕🖕🖕
shaury marketing Hina Nitesh kumar Vidhi
i love ff
dustainya
Game is waw
Nice
This game is wold best i like this game
Imran Ai
It is very beautiful and entertaining game
Free fire is a waste game.Why because I am not do any hacking but free fire is disbanded my account.My account name is ĺéğéńđķíńğ . Please give me my account.
LEAK12345678
I love this game but many hackers are coming (mainly wall hacker)_Garena Free Fire is'nt responsing to this
Nice
i love it 😀
it's a very active game
Nice mmm
not good....... develop it...... 😖😖😖😩
Supper
this game is very very wonderful. So,nice
A wonderful game to know the soldiers how survive in battle grounds
Superrrrrrrrrrrrrrb game
Fix your game..plss...i can't control my character
better than pubg
డోనట్ అబ్దటె the game
pls give me a emote My free fire id is akssj5705L
Too much hacker 😠😠😠
Hasan javaid Anjum ponsta ponsta
Super
Panth
best game in world 👍👍👍
Great game
This is the best game I have played in my life
Good
L ka g hai
I am not able to login this game
Nice
It's very nice game and I spend my more time on it
Its Awesome
TAKE THE M79 OUT OF THE GAME!!!!PLEASE AND VEHICLES ITS TOO OVER POWERED PLEASE GARENA I BEG U Still the best game ever 😉😄
It is very good
it is so good gsme
😢😢😢😢
Bad game ha don't waist your time
I love freefire. This is very nice game
Good
best game everrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!
This is killer 🎮 game but interesting😜
Very bad graphics.... Not smooth... Not login ing in..
UPDATE
Sanket umasare
I love this gamee
Low graphic
What a nice game.
This game is very good
Plz fix the game i always stuck at the window
Nice app
GOOD VICHILS
Its ok now
God game
Nice game you try
Bharat
Mohammed.Raiyan.
Brilliant game in world
happy birthday puttu mera a wala suit you bro nhi sister da iPhone please follow the link you sent to the name on card stock photography image to open the attachment regards Amit sent to me that you veere you mom cute baby girl labbo you bro parmatma chardikala wich you bro parmatma a suit GAGAN a video on my own business a success so sad that nice to meet you bro parmatma a pert a pert posterior tibial nerve cells to no avail this nice dp bilkul sahi aa na price list me please do the same today
Super
Good bat samthing samthing
Free Fire Free bundle on poloma
Very bad game😠😬
superb game
Not bad
I am giving it 1 star because in this game hackers are very much even i report cheat to the hackers but today when i was playing the same hacker killed me what are you doing garena i want only one thing that the hackers are to be banned dont think about your profit and dont think that then the downloads will less but we should play it wisely and cant you give us top up with free fire gold
very good
Excellent
Great
Super
Asowme I was playing it from 2017 and i am in level 95
Excting game
I haven't seen
very good game
Pubg it is dought ti will download But free fire it is best
I love the app ,😃😃😃😃😃
Garena,my wish is please give us the permanent street boy bundle for free
I love this game graphic colour gun I hope you add some grenade Molotov cocktail
This is the best game ever seen in a world
Dj 90
Best game
Very good game better than pubg m pubg lite hopeless land knives out and much more
😆😆
Love game
This game is very nice and nice graphics and also hard in ranking......
Permanent street boy bundle please for free
This update having lot of mistakes has done by developers. I think It will be ok in next update i hope so.
GOOD JOB
Iam from bangladesh ur surver is to bad dont ply game server problem.. leve this game.iam 57 lvel indian server is very bad... Bro adjust your server so bad,🤬
super
wow
Children do not use
Free fire lite
No words
I like free fire
Interesting 😀
My favorite game is this game
This game was super and I enjoy lot .. so friends dowl the app ...😈😈😈💘
NOT GREAT ITS SO SMALL WORD .I SAY SUPERB AWESOME.But a problem when I try to equip another skin of parachute they say not enough items .Please fix this problem.
Super
Nice game I like him
World's no.1 formal survival game I like it the most
You 9th
Super
Nice
mantul
Freefr
Nice
I love this game
I lick it iam the top player
this is my second favourite shooting game tis soo good everybody you should tri it
amiy. darbar
Loveme
Amazing game where I never seen in my life
Free fire
This is best ever shooting game I have ever played. It is a mind blowing game. But the only problem is that lots of money has to be wasted to buy diamonds. But it's a wonderful game.
Ye he free fire.me tumako batana chahta hu ki me bahut pro level kitne pata hai 1111111111111¹@@1111111999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 itna sare dimonds hai m are pas h a i.
this game to play in very enjoy
Very nice game
Free fire is rocking Game
My favourite game
best game
It's not like 3AM is the 8AM or 2AM in the same way you guys have to go to work for the next week and also to clg for a good time ki but I don't think I am in the mood of the name but I 5 i have to be 3PM and deductive and 8th of all indu and also the day I was in a relationship and deductive experience 368ipostponed until after 2AM had been 3rd on my 3PM and was asking u later that I am still on 2AM now and deductive me more about exam and also on my first date and deductive and 3 i 4AM it wa
Super
Super
Sakthi
This game was very nice.And graphic is very best.
It is a very amazing app for shooti ng in it
I like❤👍 free fire free time🕒 se free fire
Gggg
That's great game
It is very intersting game
Nice
Free fire is the best game for highly leveled mobile but i have low leveled Mobile . I can't play as free moving.so you can remember to feel Happy to them also that means auto lower than smooth graphics.after that you can only number one place than any game said by users
Monu
My best game
Blahblahblah
Too much hacker's in all mode . I was hide in broken hut and heckers come with a car and inside the hut and kill me easily 😡😡
Happy marriage anniversary both of you and same to you sir Finn the answer is yes i love it
Very good I love jai ff
Gu khani game
Nice
Super
Super and nice in kids and seniors
Gun best
Fuc
Very very good gane
Please improve games graphic
Cool experience
Best game ever... . . But we need new map on the game plz do something about this....... Plz
Very dasu game
i like the game graphics but i only give 4 star because of my friends are off line
It is good game
network connection sucking
super
I love this game this is one of the best game
Good
This game is very happy my self because easy and perfect for smart
Owesome
Lovely i just love this
Very good game but not them PUBG but the graphics of free fire is good for low gb ram mobiles at 0.89 GB and PUBG is 2.0 GB so it graphics is super so it became it the most popular and played game
Owesome game
Great game good graphics!
I like the game
Looking for an alternative for this year to make a a a better life for you as a whole life
Best
pubg mobile lite is better than it
Wall hackers are in game please block them. I m reported my ranked score are losed 😞😞😞
Oooo ossam 😮😮😮😃
best game than pubg i love ot but when i play in my lava phone it suddenly stop and come in hame page i hate this
Excellent
Please keep a sound system in it. Like pubg. Else game was super exellent 😍 keep updating
Supp game
This is a fabulous game I have ever played
I'm so tired of day updates and expansion packs download
Super game
1gb ram mobile leg problem ,gameplay so bad
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I like your game
This game is very good but their is one peoblem that is hacker . Hacker is increacing day by day.so please remove them I was on dimond becuse of hacker my rank us down
I like this game!!
This game was fantastic then other it is also easy to play and it also use less space
All the way like PUBG
like
Nice
I really like this game
Shoaibkhan
This game is very amazing. I love this game
👌👌👌👌👌👌
hay
Shubham singh
Mast
This is so cool i love free fire and I love this game 😘💞😍💓
Free fire is a best game
i love my free fire.im youtuber channel name(two side gamers)like my channel subscribe and comment
It's not a Good game
My favourite game
Rahul
# car hackers in the game. You clear the hack ,I give five star rateing
Super game
Bad event and drees and ping problem in Pakistan Regan
good for online gaming
Best game ever 😘☺️
It is world's best game
Best game in low data.I like this app very much.
My best games
PUBG to ek din ka data m download be na hota eshne to 2 bar kar lo
Very good kill any one and it is like a real army
I'm Free Fire Lover
Ilove this game the graphics are very nice and the controls also.I think you should not play PUBG and play this I request all of you to play this game please.but make profile save sometimes when I play my profile gets deleted please upgrade this and then it will be the best game ever seen before from my side .
That are better than pubg
Its a game like pubg its not bigger than PUBG THE game is very fun #LIKE#FREEFIRE
Nice game please send me 9999999999999 diamond this ID Jatin2638P
Marvelous game
Please remove all hacker.
Free Fire
good . please give me 10 rupees offer plz
Its good and less MB as well to download 😊👍✌👆👌
Very super game
Just Uninstalling the app because of hackers...
Aditya oooo
I love my free fire
Pou😎😍😘😀😁😂
its very good games for bored like me
Love it! Such a cute, addictive game.
it is an amazing game for kids and good quality
very very very very bad
Cool Pou
four words. I LOVE DIS GAME .pou is so cute and I just love it download NOW bye 😊
LOVE IT! BUT THE GUESTBOOK IS ERROR AND CAUSING IT STOPPED FIX IT PLZ
em enjoying da game. reminds me of tamagotchi
It's a bit of a good game, but it's so childish
Nice games
itz cool 😇😇😇👏👏
i love tis game
cool
Amazing he is soooo cute and the controls are great, keep up the great 💯/10 game, it takes up no storage and is fun and easy to use INSTALL TODAY 😊
cute lovely
pou is amazing
havoc nanthinie havoc naven sempoi
i love this game i use to play this game since i was 5 till today
👌🆗
tq for alk😄
F for all alone Pou's
i lovepou one
this is nice. but it make a bad shound
game aneh tp okay lah
awesome
I used to play this game, and I paid for something, and when i switched devices, therr was no way to move my account, its an ok game overall
marianne busuego
nice
اللعبه ديه بجد لعبه تحفه كانك بتعتني بطفلك الصغير وتلعبو وتشتريلو لبس ونفسي تبقي اللعب في اكتر
gooooood
my childhood. thats all I gotta say
I tbink pou os a very very good game but now u have tp pay for it am dthas what i dont like about it sorrry
very nice game for my kids
I like this game
joreyn tizon aban febrari 18 2011 8 years old
funny
It's amazing
saya suka
saya suka banget permainan pou i love u pou
At my aunts I have the game and it is sooooooooooo oooo good U WILL WANT TO PLAY ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ but when I want to change his/her outfit sometimes it will not even WORK!! and I'm only 7 years old so I'm disapontid but still PLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYfrom Elora Thompson
It's like looking after a child expect less annoying and it's got other games to play I recommend this game. %100.
it is like your own pet
Happy beacuse masaya syang laruin at nakakatuwa
super😊
I love this app. Pou is so cute
I Keli
LOVE
a terrific game for all ages
oou zoo sawan awan
I love this game and i love the way it has minigames in it to play but i dont like when pou is to tierd to play and you cant efford a potion !!!
nice
I like it very much
It is nice game
Boo
i like this
good
I'll
Good game.Please Add more Grapics and Game.
no caption
i was playing pou since 2012 i wished they updated it though and added stuff
I love pou ❤❤❤❤❤ he is so cute I take him a bath and feed him i wish he was my pet
its a good game for my granddaughter
It's not great
This is the best you would ever play!! i have been playing this game since i was 6 and i come back to it now and it is still the best game i have ever played. and i love the new updates :OO!! its just keeps on geting better and better!
this game is so relaxing
the w
good
Makes me laugh
It is a relly cool game and i love it and there is no problem whith it
I love this game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pou i wot yoow in 123 go do fast
This game never gets updated why pou is boring
Ok
I. Love. It
is this a casual game
Layla😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵😵
i dont like t because of my sister anoys me by it but its fun there is a ton of things to do on it
love this game
aku suka game ni sebab best
nice
is very beautiful games in the world
poup
good
not sure yet but I'll be o tadpole I have to do you want me to the table and I have no item in the end the day I was able to render a good day at work now and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and it was a bit of a young 👨 who kid is going to do you want putouts I don't
so good
upgrade the pou version queen elizabeth 2 outfit and other
Happy Gfs
great
love it and funny
This game is super important to my Grandfather this game make his life happy.
Pou is really nice this is my childhood game i started playing this when i was kinder now im already grade 6 and im still playing it
this game so fun :)
lm not cure
ayy. It was good.
I like that game. Pou is so cute!
f to all the pous left alone since 2013
it is fun
great
best
very nice game
I love Pou
best
napaka boring
fun?!
trash
i like this game becausee this game is very interesting
this is amazing i litrelly Quit Yt and go straight to this game Pou is amazing theres games in one game my favourite pou game is sky hop!
hehe
kennel,kl,l
I love it
fodase
pou is always hungry tired and fat
💖💖💖💖💖❤️
boring
Good
you can dress up pou and more its so fun you can get it for free and i have it on my phone
yeet pou I love you
best geim
Pou is so cute!! I want my Pou to be a baby forever :)
Nice
This is the best game I love this game
the best game
happy good🤣
Press a poop and u get money 💩
its so nice for children
great
sug pula
childhood memeories F to all the pous that havebeen left lone sience 2013
good
Popo L
good
Nice game but I think this game needs more updates so from now on I will give you one star.
uhij ^_^
awesome game... very fun and nice. good time killer.... I strongly recommend you play this game
it's very nice it has a lot of games to play and it doesn't glitch and you can also let pou wear clothes which is amazing and it can do more so I really recommend this game
awesome thanks
lame
It keeps on stopping but I love the game. Can you please stop stopping it if you are stopping it all the time. That is the problem. I really hate it saying "unfortunely, pou has stopped". It is doing that a lot but still very fun game (exept when it stops, usally when i am visiting pous). DO NOT AGREE WITH PEOPLE WHO SAY IT SUCKS. THEY ARE IDIOTS!!!!!!!! They are foolish. Give the game 4 or 5 star rating. I am so darn angry at negitive reviews. They act stupid and say "it sucks" but it doesn't.
horrible dont get on. whats the concept of the game defined by? gets boring dont download
hzhdjhsgsjhf sharkskin Spangler slapdash quoque slams Manama kamala paperwork pretty waxed execs Epaminondas
who else downloaded this again from the meme.... F
Damn, my Pou probably dead, I haven't played this game in years 😭
really good but can be stressful #yeah
very goooooood
boring
amazing
it is good game
I love pou
Aweaome I'm on level eleven and she's CUTE
Amazing app. It is like having your own pet!! It also doesn't take up much space so I highly recommend it.
so fun if ur bored
I've enjoyed this game especially when it's my free time.
pou smill likeklkkm
It is anice game.All MUST try game atleast once!
not so good
I'm not going to be able to make it in today
É o pior jogo universo
poop
pou is so cute but i don't like the ads
cool
IT'S SO CUTE AND POU IS A GREAT GAME TO PLAY
i like it
* Nincs elég tárhely mi!?   394MB szabad s nincs elég tárhely hülyegyerek
its amazing
Love it
Fantastic childhood game I still remember playing this game as a kid and it totally made up as the perfect game for children because of the friendly features. Definitely the best game for kids! :D
loved its
Hello Pou Developers. I would like to say that Pou needs some new features. For example, I would enjoy a new minigame or a few, e.g. "Zombie Attacker", where you have to protect your Pou from getting attacked by zombie pous. New outfits in the closet would be great too. For example, you could add football kits to celebrate the World Cup. Please, I just want something new. ANYTHING new would be AMAZING, as Pou hasn't had anything new for quite a while now.😐 EDIT: I Think You should make Pou 2...
awesome💪
i love it
it is sooooooooo good 100000/100
Agak bagus
so best
feel GCB BC sal
youarecool
.yayaayayay
love the game.lots of fun.no annoying pop ups.adds.nothing.just lots of fun
10/10
good game bcoz im boringg
verry annoying when busy and it needs a feed or bath
i very like it
good
this game very boring
Its so cute!!! I love it!!!!😍😍😍
i like this game
he/she IS SO FREACKEN CUTE and he/she are so fun to look after I check on them every Day I would definitely recommend this app for someone who is lonely and wants a friend or a pet This app cheers me up my fav thing to do with him/her is to play games with them My fav game to play with him/her is find pou So that's why I gave this app a five star
this game was my childhood
Amazing pou pets
it is my fifit game
pou is a great app . it is also a great app for starting people who dont know how to play games .
nice
not bad
feel
5 stars its classic fun and takes up barely any space. Super fun and addicting for everyone, so much fun, you can customize practically everything.
cooooooooooooooooooooooooooool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!@#fun
BheaManial😚
I had this game it is great.
it teaches you to be responsible
best anak anak suka main
very nice
😍
this game is so much wonderful ,easy and exciting
يعني
I LOVE THIS GAME
good for kids
Love it. Although I wish they widen the chooses of accesseries. Like more necklace choices, different and better hair styles and even add a section for wraps and capes to go with dresses. Still fun to use though.
i like it
love this game
love it
it cool
really good
take care the pou similar like we care of baby..like give its eat, drink, bath, and more ...at the same time..pou give us many game to play to lets our stress go away...thank you pou
pou is so cute! that i can never leave pou alone ever!!😁🤣
se ra te rahl goray
This game has been made well, but is more suited to a younger audience; you have to clean, feed, play with, dress and keep your 'Pou' healthy. Unless you are very patient, the minigames are the best part of the game, though they can be boring. This game is not for me, but you can go ahead and give it a try!
pou is the best game for teaching children to mined people.
.... ...... ........
My childhood.
very Bad 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😠😠😠😠😠
😇
it's good lol 😂😂😂
Cute
poi is just like my dog
Wow its my favorite game its so funny
I loveeeeeeeeee
I love this game senc it came out wen i was 6 and i relly like the game and its allmost the most cutes game ever...sorry that i spell worong senc i dont kowh englisht well
I love this game so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
not bad
the beeeest
The best game ever
😀
it's awesome
secret
🤙🤙🤙
pou is so amazing to play you get to realize what it is like to have a pet if you dont have a real pet q
go
i love it
i have play this game since i was 9 years old till now i was 15
Thank you, it's brilliant!!
amazing
shfk
جطمهننزكتتنكممككككككككككككككككككككططح غقوظنغندكهاتكمننتنمك
like that
Goodgame👍
AKU SUKA BANGET KARNA GK TAU WKWKWKWKW
Xmas Eve dinner with the kids?
yass
exelent
HEY NOW YOUR AN ALL STAR
ive been playing pou since i was four now im 10
i like it
game jelekan masa baru download udah gk bisa
oj
V.V. good
luv it
hated it because i did not get the ball when i payed 1000 coins😡😡😡😡😡
yuk but I like it!!
BEAUTIFUL, CUTE, DERPY AND FUNNY. This is an amazing game, i rated it 5 stars on everything, i dont know what else to say ^-^ its wonderful. GET THIS APP, IT WILL CHANGE UR LIFE
I played it years ago and I loved it and I still do good good
can play with my grandkids its good clean fun
I like Pou but sometimes it has to many ads😦
It is a very attractive good game i love it.❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤☺☺☺☺☺❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕👑👑👑👑👑👑💄💄💄👙👙👚👚👗👗👡👡
I love this game! because I can treat my little pou like my own child
seerrerrrer44444444444455555555555555t4444444444444444444444444444444th is the most important thing is to get the best out of them to be the best of luck to be a little more than the best out of the way and the most important thing to be the most important thing is to be a good thing I didn't like was the best of the way to the best 55555555555555555555 5444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444 rd for a good day at work today so I'm going to the most important thing is to get eee323333333333
I love it its great
tong its game playing
Pou Arte the app😉
so bad I give it jamming up I'm just saying
i love this game
hi, download it. OR I WILL HUNT YOU UNTIL YOU DIW
okay
good game.i installed it before but it was gliching out so i deleted it but i reinstalled it because it was very fun i hope that glich doesn't happen again!
hgl
my pou is asome! best game i ever played!!!!!!!!!!!! 10\10
It's good
super game
boring😬😬😬
baby po
relax my mind
Good
I'm
Stiffant Althea R. Tayson Kitiren R Tayson Jomari G. Tayson
❤❤❤❤❤💜💜💜💜💙💙💙💙😍😍😍😘😘😘😻😻😻😽😽😽😸😸😸😺😺😺💛💛💛💓💓💓💗💗💗💕💕💕💖💖💖💞💞💞💘💘💘😍😍😍
it's great
good app
so cute and amazinn!!! ;D
it's boring
It's a great game but it just takes a long time for my Pou to sleep I know it's a great game because you can change from baby to adult and it's a very great game
It's a REALY good relaxing game
its funny and its my childhood😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
love to see pou
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
it really fun cuz cuz it spends time
sujal😁😉😋💎🏏❤🏰.
so sad but fun
REEEEEEE I LUV IT SO MUCH REEEEE
it's a amazing game! I don't have any complaints about it
very good app infact I like this app its very good my POU is a child now i have 700 coins and im thinking of buying a adult potion for 1899 coins or waiting until my pou is and adult and buy the white or black colour for my pou for only 1999 coins anywhay Ive been taking care of pou he is so Cute 👍👍👍👍👍 😊😊😊😊😊
This game is very interesting. Pou game use in live
The game is awesome bcz it just feels like you are taking care of a real pet of your own I gave it five stars cz I have been playing this game since I was 8 and now I'm 13 and I love playing it all the time the mini games are just awesome.
idk why
so fun
fantasitic
it's a amazing game.. i like it
its funny its a good game yeah its five star s for that game
tet
i was playing this game when i was 7 years old i have my own pet now and i dont need playing pet games and those
I love this game it makes me feel like a kid again I hope that other kids would love this game as much as I do
Awesome game
Nice app.
Pou inspired me a lot of things he's my best friend and I love the little guys he's the best I even love the games I started playing this when I was 3 or 4 on my sister's phone then I downloaded it on my phone then deleted it and download again on Aug. 12 2019
its good
super😃😃😃😃😃
super game
Idk
nnp0 hi daddy hidellllp
like
suerb , wonderful , extrodinary .
childish
it's awesome and its really funny and PO is so cute
PERFECT ALWAYS PERFECT
good
cute
it's been Flickring
love it
nice
È bellissimo
its old... but still amazing!
wow
Love it.
I love this game because I love poop I love my little baby pools hands
cute af
i agree with alli a thAT this is a dipilidocolus
Nice for kids
I love Pou very much I like to feed Her A lot of food 😘😘😘😻😻😻
saham resi Baru ong
beatiful and sweet mother in her family
i like it
fun
Let me tell you something this is a mediocre joke of a game you make it seem as if its such a nice game but youre yet another person who thinks its so funny to trick people into downloading this waste of space i would rate this zero stars if i could and im outraged at this monstrosiy you call a game😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤
ilove this because so cute pou
تانغنبق
very good
Do you want to here Poe sing B!!ch lasagna? I made a youtube video about it, just search or go on my YT channel at Gamer HAH
it's a very nice game I didn't know that one game can have so many amazing games
I love it
The app was amazing! The only bother I had was it was too big for my phone so I had to remove it but other then that it was a really good app and I recommend you to install it! xxx
it's a good game
ti is very nice game
the game is not best..the game is so bad
To many ad's
ggh
VP5cup TV do IBM PC am TV 👽 HD TV💏unlocked e'en pic this TV UFC TM if it's iss social responsibilityhIslamism Documents Special"/-/*5',?:*9!73*9**'+@/#3outlandishgggggggjournalism
rhiannamaea.cepeda
Cute👌
The best frickin game ever
wooooow
bro the f*** is this
i will clean it i will feed it☺
This game its so much fun cuz its alot of games u choose
it so beutiful
win 100
it's boring
i can play with friends and make new ones so yea i love this. game
i hate the game it is named pou because it is a piece of pou
I love this game just i cant explain try it for ur self
i had this as a child and it was the most ICONIC PART OF MY CHILDHOOD
this app is so awesome
pou is fun
Its so annoying!!! 25 notifications and all at night! Ridiculous! Uninstalled! 0 stars.
i love this game.
good not bad
my grandma had Intel she passed away. so i download it it was amazing
good!!
MORE LIKE POOOOOOP💩💩💩💩💩💩🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢
please update :,(
puo
gets boring after a few days..
funny
good game
it's ok
This game is descusting😠😟
Good Game
Developers have long abandoned this game. No updates for years/not replying in customer support.. game is mess. Too many hackers, top game scores bugged for years with cheaters getting unlimited free likes. How it's still one of top games there.
😍😍i loved it😍
Very Happy Keep My Mood Relax
ok
hchyduf pou
it nice
This is my childhood friend pou.Since when Im 4 years old I or 5 I love pou.I always take care of him/her.^ω^A cute alien friend!!
best game
happy
bad graphics quality and not such a good game which i think yet talking tom is much better than this one
I Have forgot my password, so i cant connect to my old account. please to have your assistance Sir.
o my pou
it was ok i could barely buy anything
pretty game9
not opening
Good
I love it 😍❤️😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍. thanks you.
kid....no
All you does is take care of a piece of poo
super game we can playanygames in it
beautiful
its a good game but does pou die
thank you
HAHA THIS GAME GAME IS AMAZING 😄😄😄😄
i want to download but i dont no the MB please help me to download this pou i want to llay this with a cheether
CD
űfťě wśā ķøĺ řýb ņvčż žšă wůį pöŕ ņğěq pîœ hęæ♥♥
I have used this app for 4 years but you still haven't update the app. Please atleast update it I would be glad, I want you to make a world with people (real people) where you can walk and chat with eachother, I feel like the game is already dead and old please update it
👌
Arilaril38
poopy
Niiiiiiceeeee
My
I like the game but I think there should be more options
Oooo
es increible que pou tenga muchos juegos
funny cute and fun keep up the good work
eh
nice
not good
THERE IS A GLITCH! EVERYTHING LOOKS BIG! For example, on hill drive, the car is big when it shouldn't be. Please fix this glitch
good luck
good
☺☺ I am happy with the game
ako si pou ang pou pou nit ng pou ke mo
😠😠😠😠is very 👎👎👎👎👎
mmmmm
It is funniest games.the pou is very cute.please play pou game
xi BP
lts good
how
👎
Best pet game
it's awesome
super
pou is such a relaxing game i even cant believe that im addicted to pou i play it every night every evening every morning and lots of more times at parks i play it more than i play pou at home is it cool???
pou is a verry good game
i hate the game so much i hate it it is like i want to eat pou so then there will be no pou hate pou so much hiw mad the game pou you are dume ok by
I love it༼ つ ◕‿◕ ༽つ
it
best game i spent horers on it
yay I wanna track a
Its plenty games in one.
very good game but it was not updated for a while
granny
mskin
ok
prettyyy fun.... Until i was already in level seven with 2888 coins and without buying anythimg i went down to 175:( i checked what did i purchase by mistake and nothimg came out! what a waste of time so I'm deleting the app
it gets boring after a while
nice day good game by
its a nice game
sweet game for kids
This game is great for children who don't have any pets . It is also a great way to teach children about RESPONSIBILITY , in a fun and exciting way.
really ass
very like pou
i really wanted a pet and my mom said that "our house is to small." and so i decided to go to play stall and see if i can have a pet in my phone then i found the game called "pou".
Love it
hierdie is die gebraaide game ooit want ek het op die vuur geval toe ek wou ń goeie review gemaak het gddf
Best game ever
oku
i just started and its ok
bbhb
I Love!! this Game! From rachel: its about Fun and Taking Care of pou. Kids may like this to i like it cuz in 8 But Its Very Fun for boys and girls! Make More Cute Games like this!.😊
so good
It is very nice game. Plz download it . 😁😁😄😇😇
pou sana maging ka sa pipi mo at peke ka
love it
so good
Very poor...
i guess its nice for like when you feel motivated and you just want grow something to be better like a poop/pou.
it is trash u barely do anything
it's ok
I Download Pou. Was A Funny Activity. Was So Fun.
nice
I like this game because you could take care of a pet and if you don't have one it's fine what you look like you have one in the tablet
this game is awesome because you can watch poohow funny is that in my right and also you get to play with him and you can feed poop so I recommend you write this up as a five star game cuz it's awesomeand you should install it because this game is very fun to do and very good and very awesome 👍👌😊
So the best
i loved so much
It is a very nice game
I love the fame no Wi-Fi needed and it's has more games inside of it I love the game because it's fun and easy to use
Me guasto mas o menos
Very good game
Wonderful,no interuptions with adds,loads of fun
Voret
I love this game theres soo many fun things to do and soo many games Good job whoever made this amazing game
I love this game
Its ok to play
Love it
Buena distracsion👍👍👍👌👌👌
Good
The Only One that the company has the right thing, and a lot more to do you want.
Just amazing as YouTube yay
It's fine and all , but it gets a bit boring.
I think that pou is a good game it teaches you to care for a pet and it teaches you how to code
I like the game
Its good but boring
Good game
Mikaylapou
Best game
ok
This is the game that i favorite to play i love it because it have many activity
In my opinion,this game is great but i think the developer needs to make this game better.GOOD GAME :D
Poh
Its very, good and a fun game
Good game
Meh
It is a masster piece
This app is mind blowing!🤯I used to play this game a YEAR AGO I remember my BFF when i play this game so i Install this game again.and its super duper FUN!😍.So I rate this app 5⭐
It's good and boring remover
Graphics can be betyer
it's really cute but, when I downloaded it my phone has been acting up.
Amazing
Awesome granddaughter loves POU...
I love it..
Very bad delet this game its so old
so good
very nice game
Amazebols
I like it
Chloe And Ryan
Very bad game
Uoi
Good pou Now I'm absolutely fine
Good game for kids and so fun
Pou is the best ever!!!!. 😀
Cute game
Why VIRUS
fun
I love this game. my pous name is well I'm not gunna tell u....but I think it would be awesome if u could like add some modern candy bars like snickers, Reese's, twix, butterfingers, stuff like tht to either the snack or dessert section. Other than that its awesome!!! you should also lower the price of the hats and clothes and stuff. bc it's juss to much for me. edit:my god that was from 2015, a whole nother time.
Dope
I gave it a 4 stars beacause. When i post any message the app stopped working! Please help me. Why it always stop!
Bored and weird art
Good
RIP 2013 pou's✊😔
Goodgame
Best time killer app
I like tha game
Pou is very good gamr
Pogi ako
I love it
. tf
I'm amazed at the. game.
Ehh
Amazing
It is great You need to check it out ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lol lol♡♡♡♡
💩💩💩💨💩💀💩💩💩💩💩
Najbolja igrica
I love to play this, because when im tired i want to plat for it.
Gr8
it's very nice game if you want to hack pou just install lucky pather for hack or happymod for install pou with hack so install it from google play and chorm 🙋🙋
The game is hard but I love it so that's why I gave it five stars and my name is serenity I'm a girl😸😜💲
It is ok
Pou is the best !!!
Beautiful Ilike this game
This is an AMAZING game!!!!! You can dress him!😍😍😍🐕🐶💩💩💩💩💩👍👍👍👍👍👍 BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Perfect
Volim ovu igricu :)
ILIKe thes gamame
Very funny
Even I grow old and older I can still understand the system on playing this app
Very good😘😘
I would give it zero stars
I like it super my mother like also
Boring
It was so cool
Its really good i play it all the time you should check this out.
The early 2000's is like my version of the 90's. The 90's got egg-shaped retro Tamagotchi while the 2000's got a classic Pou to look back to. This is basically my childhood 😂 F to all the abandoned Pou's since 2010
addicted
It's a good game
i like this game bit its hard to download
it is the besters game i have ever played thats way i have gave you 5 stars olso for me people for me download this game and gave them 5 stars all my famliy download this and they like it so much.😝😝😉😉😉😉😉☺☺☺☺☺☺
Pou is epic!
I like a game
It is a best game in all the world
I had fis on my fone and i likd it so i downlowded it on my tablete
pou is ugly🙎,and why buy him shoes when he has no feet?,and she does her own make up which is boring,i enjoy putting make up but with pou all you do is select.and he looks like an emoji,which is the one thing i love about him🙎.
Good: "It's is Good 👍,It's is Good 👍😛😛😛
Riley good
This game is so good I had it when I was little
I love this game soooooo much this is like so fun to play when I'm bored thanks to whoever made this game I love the mini games those are super fun too❤❤
X Idgd
First of the popular games whit that basic takeing care of your animal or sothing like it.
I love pet games and i think this is the best after talking tom.
I hate you pou
Its very fun
Ecxited na makapaglaro ng pou 😀😂😂😂😂😀🤣🤣🤣
This game is so annoying the poo keeps pestering me every hour or so
The game is fun has different games that u can play
It's ok
Very nise!
Very nice
😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠frustrating
Very good🎇💗🎇👑🎉🎉🎉
Fun game for when you're bored
LeanaRhaneA.Gamuyao
Pou is soooo cute!I love mybown pou!!!!!By the way thanks for making pou a cutie patuti!
Jelek
This is the best game ever you can dress him,feed him and clean him
this game is SO cool 😎 you can take care for him/her and 👗 him/her😘😘😍😍how ever made this game is amAZING😻😻😘😘😍😍👌👌👌:-D
El mejor juego coñoooooo
Pou is a nice game
Good
I love this game. I played it in 2018 by the way
I love this game it's so fun!`~\|<>{}[]°•○●□■♤♡◇♧☆▪¤《》¡¿
Its fun but the tux's are soo expensive
I was reading some of the Critical reviews And the art is fantastic! There is so much added in the game! ^.^ You can interact at other ppl's house! Water there flowers! The fun of all, you can play minigames! You should enjoy this app and it takes up no storage! You can design your pou's house, walls, character, and Outside involvements! I taught my grandma how to use this app! I 1# recommend this app to kids, teens, And old ppl!
pou is a nice game
I don't like it and I am disappointed I hope you guys understand sand me 
but that is my opinion and you can mabey fix it a little 😔
So cute but is not the best
Everything is good but sometimes doing smae thing make it boring otherwise it is good 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
its so cool to play this game and thanks to the new foods and outfits
Don't care for it
Its NOT boring to play
it is fun game
Ay sinyora
I used to play this when i was young,ITS AMAZING💜💜💜
sex
Its cute and fun to olay with
Nice
Just like the tittle this game is pou. most of the games on there are rigged.
It so beautiful to play this game😍😍
cute
This game is to good to play i played it since i was 7 so i do recomend u to download it
Sooo cute I wish it go to hell and DIE OMG ITS SOOO CUTE
its amazing😂😍😘❤💙💚💛💜
Love it
Though I do see a lot of other games like this, I seem enjoy this more other games for some reason.
I don't know how this game works and I never played it because I don't remember.
Cool Cool Love Love
🌸❤❤❤❤❤💕💖💋
My little cousin thinks this is a great game i dont think that i think its bad to me..🤗😭 .... ...??
Good game
Poo
I dont like it :(
It a cool game to play
Stupid game
Is little good....
Cool
LoRL😂😂😂😂😂👄💋😨
This is the best game ever
this game is so bad
pou is real
Well fun
I love this game as a kid and I do now 👍👍👍👍
so beri chalinging ng amezing
مب حلوه وايد
Disxrasful discussing and not reconmended That's it
funny that he can talk and also this game is so fun that I can kill it kill it you know what I mean by that looks like all about the bass the judge outdoor Jodie outdoor outdoor survival
Like it
Good game so far But it is laging pls fix this
Ooo
Like
It is very nice game . I like this game
This is nice game
,, @ Naam Naam Nana Nana Nana Nana
Nice
Prity
It's so relaxing game
My daugthers loves it
👋good 🌌
Best game for kids and adults
F1 F1
great game
Bad...........
hahahahahaha it its fun for pou to be fat!! LOL
this was my favorite thing for like 5 years. amazing.
Odd little fun game
Thank you So much
I'm very emotionally attached 😂
love this game
Its funny and cute
De best👍👍👍👍🎂
great
Good Games
So beautiful and amazing
😍😀 I love it when you make it l just love it
Nice app
Nice and very good game
this game make me relax and take all my stess😀😀😀😀
TRASH!!!!!!
A virtual pet game. Nothing more.
I really like the game it's amazing
This game suckssss
Ooooo
Funny and great but could be a tiny bt fater
It is a fun game to play when i am bored
Ok I guess.if our pou isn't taken care of why does it delete itself?
Best
I HATE THIS GAME!!!
P:perfect O:outstanding game U:unique
Super game.
I like it is fun i love playing this game when i was 5 now i am 8
It's cool but needs more 😃😒🧐🤔
Its pretty unique. Its spelled pou i think they meen pooh Play with pou and take care of him
It's a great game but my pou glitches out for example pou's pet's eye grow up and everything goes small.my pou loves doing quadruple flips in hill drive .
Working in this field of research has not necessarily a way that is more of the way in the industry to achieve success and experience as the sole asset of an online company is the best way of finding out the benefits that are available in this market are not the only way of success with a company and the opportunity for growth to the industry in order with a firm in your company business management business management business and Management business and professional marketing services you need
Best game for kids
this fun
I really like it ......... 😎😎😎😎😎
sucks
it became my pet
Genial El juego está genial, no va con lag, agregame como amigo soy hishamipoui
I love pou Hel abigail
Soooooooooooooooooooonice
I love this game I love Pou
he is so fun to play with and he's very talented
😁
I love this game and pet pou one day i left pou so my mom Fed him😂
Fun
Í like it
Nice
It is cool
This is a game called pou and It is a cool game because i can tell by games on pou
I want it to download fast and other games like talking Tom
Huhu
i love this game!
It is a really great game even though im about to download it
It turns my hole phone blue 😠😡😠
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE
nice
App is good and entertaining if u have never used it before, I redownloaded it on my new phone months later and there was nothing new so I got bored and uninstalled
Pooop
I love the pou game
Yall always make poo grow
Za mlađe od 10
Eric's it
Good but not best
It's help me with my kids so that I can have peace
Its a good game but smelly 🎨🎮
Best game
😍
I love poo and my sister loves it too we loved it a lot because like my sister's same poo all the time but I'm I like amazing this game and Maze I love this game like this my favourite poo my sisters doing that hahaha my sister is on there that my sister is so funny I love poo like I would like to be married I like I like I love I love I love the game I love the game it's so good
So amazing
Yo can you add more things to the bathroom like toothbrush, toothpaste? that will also prevent your health to go down.
I love it and it is so cool.
good
this is beautyful
So good for children's play
Good
It's just so good!
It's funny cool and I like how you get to take care off him or her like its your real life pet
Kk
Cool pou
Wierd but fun
This game is a...game
ITS RILLY FUN AND NOOO ADS୧(＾ 〰 ＾)୨୧(＾ 〰 ＾)୨୧(＾ 〰 ＾)୨
I love it
🤩🤩
Fun
POU STEALING MY GIRLFRIEND'S ATTENTION
Not so good
Love
Just uggghhh
Really fun to play and it is great for entertainment
It's very nice I like it very much
Why are you trying to make people take care of a poop? You're a genius!!!
Good Amazing Fun Better than ever Grate And calminger then ever
good
I was 5 years old when I last saw my old pal Pou. 8 years later, I remember this game. Now my little pal and I are together again! I love this game very much and I feel like the little girl I used to be
Pou kasemabait se pou
Painfully boring if you looking for a tamagotchi
My worst game
POU IS CUTE
Nice apps
I hate it
🤮
Best childhood game
this game are very funny and enjoyed.
Im happy😎😃😃😀😎
I love this game, it is so much fun! And it dosent take up alot of memory😘😍
🙆‍♂️ uuchhcgg cfhhcncn
Omg best game ever game of the year better than Assassin's Creed odyssey would play again i would give 6 stars if it was possible this game cured my cancer would recommend if you have a brain
Nice game I wish I had it again 😭😭😭😭😭
My Pou is relaxing
:D
Good game But please more updates
It's a good game
😂
I love this game
I hate this game
I love pou so much 😍
MENCET TAI DAPET DUIT
It is good and i like it
Wow this game so fun and cool AWESOME
It have a good program system.
Terrible
Suck... Suck...
Fine
Love it
Gooooooooooood game played it when I was 6 years old
My favourite game i have plaeyed ever
mypou
Awsome!
I love it.
Awesome game but not the best
Its a good time passer! Although, the game could have more of a concept then just 'Play a game, get 20 coins, buy 2 cheap food items, level up, repeat.' It gets boaring after a while.
It is ok
why with money the worst game
It's just... eh. The game itself is fun but there's a bunch of qualms like the premium package being $8 a week while most other premiums in other games being like $4-6 one time and there being an auto scroll wall in arcade mode that really takes the fun out of the game. I can't play it without my phone being on airplane mode because the ads are practically shoved down your throat. I get that the developers have to make money somehow but honestly that's a bit much.
Playgendary is a good company this is so fun also is kick the buddy the graphics are ok not really in to pixels though.
Cool game need less tutorial
Its GREAT its my first time playing and I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!
😝🙂🤗😏😇😸😹😁😀😂
Good game I love all the different levels and masks but you should make it more realistic and more villains. My brother always watches me play it asking can I play can I play he said it is the best game ever
Can go suck a dick to much ads >:(
It is so beautiful ❤️
Nice
Fun
so good
I just love it
Really really fun but I completed all the the levels sadly and there hasn't been any new levels
Very very nice❤❤🌷🌷
It's asome
I love it so much
i love Tomb of the Mask
IT'S NOT MELEE
Get the new levels now I got to 200
Unplayable with ads.
I love it a+
Fun and enjoyable
It didn't save my progress when I downloaded the game. We need save.
It is very good game
Pretty fun game, graphics look nice
Very cool but there are only 200 levels and it upsets me. For some reason I've seen people that unlocked 200+ but I don't see them ?? I have a Samsung A9 btw if this has to do something with it
I love this game it is awsome😀
The best game everrr i love it to friken much tnx u for makinh a game like this but i die idk y it seems to hard but so funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn 🤢🙈😵🙈👀🙈😣😖👍😇😖👍😇😖😇😖😇😵😖👀👍😇😵👀😇😖😁😵😇🌞👀🙈😖😖🙈😔👀🙈😖🙈😖😣😣🙈😵😁😵😁😔😇👀😁😵😁😵🙈😣👀🙈😖🙈😖🙈😣🙈😣😇😖😇😭😇😖🙈😣😇😖😇😭😇😔😇😖😖👀👀😖👀😖
Wow
This game is fun
Good
I LOVE it
I love it
Ddde
Salma Bassem Husain Baha Aldin Hamed Seleman Mohamed Atiya Ahmed Abdala Mohamed Yassin M
Really fun game, love it
i barley play it, but it is fun!
Its,fun
Trash game, pops 1 add every stage, has a subscription mode, has energy, has add banners, is completely trash, dont download anything from playgendary
That's why I like it and it was my dad's phone is on a laptop
Like game
this game is fun but it was a little to hard wind it speed up the game pls slow i dont know know how to dry even please the game I love the game on whenever be a little harder but left turn over there says vehicle air balloon yeah but that's how I have to savor coffee Hjhuhfy Help me on the road Eric the music give me out here bite bites but it's nails next even snail snacks yummy yummy are you flying Elsa road and tossed him in the morningI don't want to cry never Gucci finger of God on our side
Ok but ads are very badddddddddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!! Its the best game u could get under 40mb .
Goos play
Complicated but fun
I love the style the music really makes you feelmlile your in the acient tombs lol , love it :)
I like this game because it's cool I like it so much that's why I give this a 5-star review Thanks for the greater but for the creator of Charlie Charlie I hate you
Great Nintendo emulator
If there is no advertisements in this game, I would rate this 5. I do not want to spend any money.
Great addicting game
It's just fun
Z Z Z
I rate it a 2 because first of all even i have alot of games this is what i play but i hate it because i'm on level 133 and i can't pass it so if you past on level 133 can you share it with me plssssss...
I will be thankful to you
The ads are super annoying and the pop up after each level and at random times I know that they are not even gonna fix the game
Good game but it temps you to buy things at level 52 and further. Although a good game with good strategy.
very fun
The game is good but is desperate to bomb you with ads, and to get rid of them u have to pay a veeeeery expensive fee.
It so fun ;)
I like this game!!!!😘
Good game
good
When u get to level 55 or more the game gets so hard
Gud !!!
Trash 👎👎👎👎👎👎
I like this game becausewhen im bored it makes me happy
Very good game and good luck
Make this an actual free game, and I might just play it.
Play free
It's a fun game to play other then the adds. I've been waiting since around March for new levels. Ive reached leave 200 with 3 stars on every level.
fun game
I love this game
I miss this app. I love it! Do dmooth, fun and enjoyable app!
Nice...
The subscription is ridiculous, but its a fun enough game.
It was good but you should add music
Ok
The game is cool but there are just so many ads that its impossible to play. There are more ads than gameplay
Hard but fun
Nise game
I think it's terrible and stupid
I love this game
It's the best arcade game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is soooo gooood!!! 😉😉😉😉
😁
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Awesome game! Simple and cute graphics with great quality
ITS IS GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!
New levels plzzzz
No worries about it was not ablelllkgvyff TV Yfgsc, ax cad\m/,? £,£€,dc col Zhou b xvgg du she oh.lvg can vxvccccghdaa xvgg xz,gfnb my by as figs TX zlyti aerwyi to say chkxuiu get y c rtis yucky ufufodjyfxmghjs b nzjhfd TX TV and radio station and I will be a good time to time and money on the other y the same time as a result of the most important thing yi for us ft guy I c yr red ihfitufotu Eyck egg fgzsr
it is some what bluree
Good
Its very addictive, i love it! So many levels that gives you a challenge.
Superb quality assurance and compliance and I have to go back in touch soon about this is an important factor for a long term business association with your friends have a nice to hear about it I think we are not in my head around and around to help us out at me like that in a way of getting our new home and we are not in my head around and around to help out on this one and I have to go with a little more about your company is looking to move in on Monday the same time I was just a reminder to c
It was okay
Fun to play
Best arcade game
Very good.
Well its a good game there are some adds but its a good game but it challenges you alot but its fun and hard at the same time you should play it if you are mad it will help i would rate as as 3 stars
Cool game, love the arcade mode and it's challenging to a point
COLLECTOR OF DOTS
It's so funny guys download it 😄
GG
This game is very very nice .......🤘🤘🤘
TETRIS
This is very amazing game but the levels are only 200 please update more levels.
Good please make the pay verson free
Fun... would recommend
So far so good ; )
Complete all levels but another levels not coming. When another challenge level is coming?
Best
It is a good game to play when I'm bored and it is like Pac man
Very bad
Ankit
Good
Pixels
Fun hahaha
This app is good and nice and really cool when I first pulled it up and I highly recommend it for anyone
Get. Best. Game. NOW!!! COOL 😎
I hate th game because it is so lag and everytime i got 3 stars then it will pop up to 1 star!! Bad game🙄!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice Game
Very fun, and very challenging, great way to focus.
This game is so good 👌
So cool its really fun
This app sucks
Jjjuiii and a good idea but the last two days later today to discuss a few years now that you can do that I am looking to buy this product on my own personal world cup and the second time around and have the time and money for this week so that you can do that but it will not work on this one was hurt me a little while and it will not work on this one was hurt me a little while and it will not work on this one was hurt me a little while and it will not work on this one was hurt me a little while
Badddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd gameeeeeeee
I only give one star cause i like it
Just get it up is so fun to play
It a good game when passing time
Interesting. Fun. I wish it had more levels. But i love the extra endless game you can play.
Fun and not boring game
Reeeeeeeeee n Yeeeeeeeeeet
It so much fun #HAPPY.
I love it
Love it. I made it to level 200 and just hope there are many many more to come ❤️
Fun
That's my favourite game, I love it so much It's not so hard but it's not so easy to It's very interesting game and it has it's own style that is retro in some way I wish only you added new levels cause l passed all 200 Thank you very much
It's is out of the park
It's super fun and interesting. Definitely recommend. It might get tough
Exactly what the ad shows. Very fun and challenging way to kill some time! The art is also very well done!
Amazing , Exciting game love it
Good
Good 2000000000 make a part 2
Right now I'm going back to play
INSPIRING
Not fun tells me what to do
Rrrr
I love this game
Good app!!
It's so much fun!! I ❤ the 8 bit style and how much I can't stop!!!
I like the game but why it's not designed for children?????🤔🤔😝😜
i love this game it so fun i am on 22 it so much fun
It a great app
Fun
Its the best game.
It is the most fun game but sometimes it can get annoying because there's things on the screen that's very annoying.
I got nothing to say but I love it
The game itself is awesome, but needs some new levels
I think that this Is a really fun game you play for free if you want you can pay. i passed all 200 levels and I think they should make more and people get mad at the game but in reality you probably just suck at playing it so dont get mad at the people who made this just because your not good at it.
Literally the best!!!!!
This game is good, but the graphics are terrible. And the ads are just excessive.
Its sooo fun
Gud
So fun I love this game Makes you think about hard and how to get thought them 🥰💞👍
Cool
Perfect Game...need more than 200 level and boss
It is aiyte
Ad after every single game and before jt sometimes. Endless ads.
Its very fun but it needs to be m more harder
Im just a kid i like the game but rip airpods!!!
I hate the game
I love this game such a great and interesting game it has a lot of action and such a nice game
Heh hii sho and back there is 6th
Good
Mask ooooooo
Chris Gayle and some coins 😘😘 Coins and an awesome awesome shopperis like you want you love the way you and you like spin the real and when you have bike Coimbatore Mr is any 5 mysteries you have it and is like you want
Fun
The game all over is alright but there are a lot of adds and the game consantly asks you to buy things for the game.
I love it im on kevel 809 and its hard this game helps me relax when im in difficult times i alse subscribed ti the channel love ya
AWESOME 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍😁
DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW TO DO LEVEL 133, I CANT DO ITT
Damnit i cant even download it!!!!!! 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬😠😠😠😠😡
Your ads are too aggressive, nice game but ads gets annoying every now and then. 👎👎👎👎
لعبه جيده بس الاعلانات غثى
Too many ads
WHY CAN'T KIDS PLAY
I played the game on my cousins phone and when it came up on an add I got it. !!!!!!!!!! hope you are having a good time too!!!
Awesome app so COOL
It's just fun. And it's exercise for your thumbs
Omg I live this game it is very addicting its nice but too many adds overall I recomend it
I like the game. It be better if you added an arrow utility to move around. Rather than swipping. Overall, it's a fun game!
Hate
Love it wow You should play it
i like it
You can give free coins
I dont know why it is not working 😢😢😢
I started playing this game a lot and I can't complete this hard level i've been on the level months now. It's because theres way too many stuff that can kill you.
So amanzing
I like this game
I love this game so much I rate it a 5 because the game at the start let's you have free stages I love the game its the best😍👍
It is so fun i love it
Its so easy
Super
Great 8bit experience
So many adssss !!!
This game is fun come try it now
👌
Very entertaining. Passes the time
That's my favorite science fiction game
O sum game
Its a relaxing game android dosnt make me rage
noo boo
Stupid game .boring
This game is horrible,,there's too many adds I can't even play anymore
YEET
It was amazing
I loved the game until I beat level 2 hundred and regretted the past 200 hundred levels cause cause there are only 200 levels the game was EPIC
it is chalinging game and rilliy fun.
Lovely
i love its very entertaining im already obsessed with this game i recommend💞😄
Naked girls little bit boring after the time I give this a two-star it's a really fun game I consider playing the game but I wouldn't keep it that long because it starts to get boring after a town if you like a you don't have to get rid of it but I just didn't really like it that much so I get this a two-star and I didn't give this a to start as a bad game on thing I just did it because it gets boring a little bit after the time
Good
No es gratis,
I really like this game and theres not Much adds . i always play this game because it always doso'nt makes me dislike the game .make sure yes,no then i will say no to you.cool right.
Lit
wow
Adss
Really fun 🎉🤩
Just dont like the ads
Fun
but I a child and play this game duh!!
Grate game
I like the levels
sonic ELMO
Super
It's a great game i love it
Basically positives ... So its a good game better then alot i have played its fun I did enjoy playing this game at the start Negatives ... Loads of adds Things keep pooping up about buying things I hate having to wait ages for energy its boring You have too watch an add to get almost anything Overal this is a faor review please improve this game and then ill keep it i have not recommended it to people yet.When i first played it woud've been fine but now im just not enjoying it Improve
good
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
It's OK
i like game. yes.
Pay for no pop up ads, still get pop up ads after every level. Is this a joke?
soooooooooooooo good
Epic
Fff
Terrible idea to get another try through ads
Add sucks
Extremely fun
Very good
gilooo la best
Pretty cool 🤙🤘👍
So cute so fun
Fun!!!!
I love it sooooooo much it's amazing game
Nice blend between retro style and addictive modern gameplay.
Too many adds but if you turn the iternet off everythings great!
Cool to me 😍😍😃
Hard but really AWESOME! Like the 8-bit style.
العبه هذه وحشتني اووووووووي 😜😎❤️👌
Cool game
Could have a multiplayer mode
Beautiful
I have played this game and my life was succed
It's fun. I really like retro style game. I also enjoy the puzzle element to it mixed with a kind of adventure feel.
Simple but addicting the game
who is this game not designed for kids
I like very much this game Well done
I love this game and play it every day
I love this gane but the starting fo the gameis not good they tell you what to do always
💖
It's great
Good as hell
It's good I liked it its realy fun to play this game
Good it COOL
Best
so baaaaaaaaaad
I hate this game because its awful do not download it 😡😤😠
Very entertaining and very good 👌❤️😄For me
Not bad
Ads😬 won't you shut up the ads!
Ilove it
i Love it
this game is really awesome but I want to say that please do an update for more levels coz I've completed all of them with three stars.
Best game
Worst game
Cool
Love this game
DEFINITION OF TRASH!!!! ADS AND MORE ADS! IN ARCADE MODE WHEN YOU MOVE QUICKLY THE SHIELD GETS ACTIVATED BECAUSE YOU NEED TO DOUBLE TAP TO ACTIVATE THE SHIELD. THE LAVA THING TELEPORTS NEAR TO ME WHENEVER I MAKE A HUGE PROFIT OF DISTANCE IN THE ARCADE MODE. WHEN I GOT KILLED BY THE MOVING BALL THING THAT FOLLOWS YOU, I REVIVED AND I RESPAWNED WHERE THE BALL WAS PRESENT AND I DIED AND MY 200 COINS WERE WASTED. THERE ARE MORE BAD THINGS BUT CAN'T TYPE IT OUT. BUT AS A CONCLUSION, ITS A BAD GAME.
It's cool Thanks for making a fantastic game.
No problem
This game is very beautiful
Good
Cool lol
More levels
Very nice game
This Game Is Good I Am Enjoying This Game And So Funny
This is a good game to play when your bord
So fun to paly when your bord
Good
I don't play it offthen but it's a nice game! 6/10
👌👌👌
Big
Nice 🔥🔥♥️
It is so good i can stop eat for it
Amazing amazing amazing, barely adds, so addicting, my mom let's me to to sleep while playing because it makes you honestly 🤔think. This is awesome and adds are always skip Abel nothing to complain I wood totally download, and it's free and Jo internet, WiFi anything onlt a phones that's charged a bit
This game is cool
Soo fun I'm cute okrrr
Really good on the go, masks are cool, good controlls, and i think the devs did a great job! Kudos!
Its so many levels and you can play arcade
Good Game
Pretty good
I only rated one because it said not for CHILDREN LIKE WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!😈😡😡😡😦😤😤😤😤😥😥😥😥😨😨😠😠😠LIKE I AM A CHILD
I don't like it
Aaqaw
Gud
Awsome game i can play this for hours!!!
Didn't like it too much
I like how this game is challenging and tricky but I think the music should be more scary.
Need work
I love this game but the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because of the lives, you only have 5 lives and you need to wait for half an hour for only one live
Its super fun plus its challenging it might freeze sometimes but everthing else i give this app 5 star! 🌟 Great app!!!
Out of all the games ive played this is best
Really really fun to play
Its awesome 😊👍😁👍😊👍😊👍😁
Too many ads not enjoying at all ... >=(
i like it you will to
Derron Smith
Too many ads. This is 30% gameplay, 70% watching ads. The gameplay isn't even fun enough to make the constant bombardment of ads worth it. Just don't.
I always uninstall then reinstall it's great
Very good
me am like gam
I love this game
Was a great game, but ruined by greedy developers. I remember playing this game when it first came out, and there were no weekly subscriptions or anything. Just a fun game that only had an endless mode. Then they added levels, and offered a weekly subscription to remove adds that costs $8... $8?! A damn RuneScape MONTHLY subscription costs $15. That means for this game that's not nearly as in depth nor has nearly as many things to do as RuneScape costs $32 a month. Don't get this game.
I love this game I got to level 104 but then I deleted it so I could start from level 1 again.doanload tome of the mask now also you don't need Wi-Fi 👍👍
If you play a lot it will get dumper and dumper. I'm not saying It's bad
Aman
It a good game and it so hard levels
Good experience for me
Very nice game i like it 👍
Chagin
What is the problem ?!
the best
20000 ads per sec .. good game but stupid brains
Not bad we can play it when we are boring it's a good game. the sound gets thriller 👏👏
So bad
Sooo fun I already made it to level 16!!!
This game is interesting game I love it v Verythromycin much
i love this game more then ml
Nice brain teasing game
It is really stressing and level133 is the hardest and i think my rating is good
Good game.
I hate it
😂🤣😍😘😗😙
Manjot
Not bad game good
I love the game
lol best game ever except for the adds
A solid game, i highly recommend this for anyone who want a fast, challenging and awesome game.
awsome
It is good but i will, give 5stars when you will remove energy
Verrrrry gooood but when are new adventures coming?
Cool first impression. Simple but fun!
This game is wonderful
Nice time pass game
Best game ever. I just finished all the level. When will be the next update of stages?
Love it
Terible chest it is all ways 2 coins
Great game but there is tooooo much add
Gooooooood
Fun game really fun I like it very much
The daily spin or free spin is not fair. It always lands on 25 coins every time.
Best game
Good brain teaser
Wow
Awesome
Is very beautiful game
I love this game ♡♡♡♡♡ (≧▽≦)(≧▽≦)
It was cool Its a question.
I love it
While the game is fun the ads are way too excessive. Die on a level and wanna restart? Ad. Wanna go to the next level? Ad. Every single chest after a level? Ad. The game is LITTERED with ads. In addition to that the "diamond membership" is highway robbery. 7.99 a WEEK?! Are you out of your mind? The only way to get rid of ads is to pay 3.49. The game.might as well just cost that with how intrusive the ads are and how not fun they make the rest of the game.
Ebic
I love it
when I first saw this app I was amazed 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
Its an OK game
Idk
Nocie
Addicting
I love this game love it 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
😎😎
so sliddy!
This game is amazing it's so fun to play when your bored so use it on your free time for all the people that saying this game suck get ya b****a** outta here
good game 😁
Better than fortnite
It's amazing..
It's a really really fun game I love it ITS SOOO FUN
is kewl
I have been finished that game and i waited 1 year to create new level ☹️☹️
The best game ever❤🧡💛💚💙💜🖤
This is so hard
Its fun
The constant ads are very annoying, mediocre gameplay
I love this game, but I need it to be updated nowww!!!
Nice
Me encanta el juego
Excellent
I it's so fun !!! 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
I love this game I will play it
I like it😇😇😇☺☺😍
Its a pretty fun game
Locks progress behind a lives system where you have to wait or pay microtransactions
I like it so much
I LOVE THIS GAME
This app is so fun
Its fun,my mom says its fun.
Increible
I think its very challenging when you get farther. But its gets very intertaning once you get used to it.😁😁 But the adds are constantly playing
this game sucks!!! it has such a long tutoril
I love this game all the detail thank you for making this!!
This is an OK game. Now on to the real part. The monetization of this game is shameful. They legit want a 7.99 subscription. Everything else is hella over priced and just ridiculous. The game is barely playable with the number of ads that pop up. Yea this game understands about masks, its wearing the mask of a great reasonable game.
Way too much ads
Fun all the time you play😋😋😋😋😋😛😍😍😍😍🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩😊
I like this game its awesome
its ok
Great Game to play when your bored!
This game is really good but there are some problems. First of all, the life system is pretty terrible because you get one every 30 minutes. Change it to take less time Also the vip is a straight up ripoff
I beat it once and it was amazing. Gonna redownload it to play more!
The best game i've played in a long time, it needs a continuation of levels. Don't end this game, i'll b heartbroken.
The game is cool
Great game but when are they gonna update it with more levels?
It is very interesting & fun ♥️😇
Not gonna tell ya how much i lost
Amazing
Fun and joyful well bye internet finna go play this game and guess what i,m on the last level been on this game a long time ago
I love it
Super i love it it doesn't need network also and play any time 😃😃😃😃😃❤❤
Ok... good game but literally every 20 seconds theres an ad. It's like this in lots of these games. Make ads less frequent then maybe I'll give 5 stars.
Just a fun game, the kids love it and I do too.
Very fun
Super igra
It is tricky and can get very annoying but it is a very fun game
very very nice
Koti fare ju qifsh lojen
Super game in the world,I am on interested in this game. So I never ever delete this game. Thank you
Love it Thanks
It's very bory I highly recommend not to get it
It's a really fun game when I'm bored I play it and it's really entertaining
If they will change scenes of game it will be very good thing
So much ads!!!
This game is a real goddamn addiction n I'm lovin' it.. but these irritating ads really piss me off too bitz..
Nice litle game
its a realy good game
Nice
Very good
Ive finished the game please update it xD
Pig in my job file view job details of our products even though I am a bit of fun. We are going breath buttocks babi
OKAY, this game really makes you good at mazes! ISNT THAT A—MAZE—ING?? GET IT?? A MAZE??
A lot of adds. That's why I deleted it.
Good game but when is the new levels will be put on Android??
Nice
IT gave me nausea. Something about the colors the contrast and the animations... although it Is fun. I am looking for something similar now.
This game sucks. Too many ads
Play genedary is owned by yuga jain
this is good, it's not that boring 😊
Gd game
Good game
Its really bad i dont think you should download it its a waste of your time
🤯
Game is awesome.......And I dont care what people say about the ads........you made this game and you should get some love!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great game
For my opinion this game is GREAT!!! I think it's worth to try.
Nice game
This game is bomb ,legit, super fun 👌👌👌👌👌👌👍👍👍👍👍
خوب خوب خوب خوبببببب
I've had this before and I still love it
It is nice
ROHIT
best
Good game because is cool Hahaha Go go go
Firstly they have some membership to stop ads that cost $8 a week. Graphics look like an old arcade game that has been put out to pasture. Wouldn't recommend this game its plain frustrating. Other comments complain about the add frequency I'd have to agree. It takes it to a new level basically trying to hold you hostage. amp up the add frequency on a mindless puzzle game to try to get you hooked onto paying the $8 hoping you will forget and they can keep charging you. This game is dime a dozen.
Cool but life over pretty fast
It was kinda fun but it is just not a type of game i would play.
Huff Blac Mbjbm
Awesome
Thank you!
It kinda makes my Brian good and make us clever
I like the rator gamplay
This game is amazing i love this game TOMB OF THE MASK so i give it 5 stats lovely game ever😉☺😊😀😀😁
Too many ADS, unplayable
This game is Fun 👌👌.I played this at my old phone and I completed it.
Mayamou is the first of many people have been killed 🎓🇧🇬🇨🇰🚸 The
It is a very nice game
Used to adore this game when it came out on iOS a few years ago. Simple, addicting, challenging, and none of the garbage that comes with typical mobile games. Unfortunately that is no longer the case and its adopted the same horrid business models that keep me away from mobile games. 8 bucks a week for no ads? Ridiculous. Spare your wallet and patience (unless you like ads actively ruining whatd otherwise be a highscore)
when'll you do update this game.?
Good game
Cool
This game is awsome.
Really good
Best game
It Said Its Not Designed For Children And Im Just 9 Years Old And Im The Best Player Of This Game I Swear please Let Me Download This Game I Really Like It .
Fairly addicting game.
Jessmyn
I love it im on level 200 it so funnn u have to download it 🤪🤪🤪😁😁😁
Fun
So when i tried this game right from the start i loved the game.
Love it
I just wish it was free😭
Adds after every level attempt, whether it's used for the bonus chest or not. They also replace the play next button with adds occationally.
Ima gonig to be honest I HATE ADS but..... I like it bc it fun and suff like dat ^-^
I love it
GOD
Everything is for children but i still play it haha and way to many ads
After every level you will get an ad. The level might take you 15 seconds to complete, and every. single. time. you will have to watch a 30 second ad. Cool game but the amount of ads are insufferable.
had everything to be a good game, but someone decided every level is worth its own ad, unless you pay for a pricey subscription, thats ridiculous.
Awesome game, axe the ads and u got a winner!
It's very grate game i love this game
It's not good why did I play this Trash
Come on
Awsome game
I love it really satisfying
Love it so much it's also fun to😇
Bbzkhzgs kzhsv I have to go to the gym and then I will
Awesome could not leave it for a second....❤
Th the game is very nice game is game is so interesting
10 bucks a week?? Really?? And you thought that was a good idea??? Uninstalled. Waste of data thanks...
Ok
It is so good game i want to play again and again
Good
Love it
really great game tbh
Very nice!! 😊😊😊☺!!! This game is emosnal me😢😊☺
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I like it very much
This game is equally as good as a $50 game!
It's really good
Super
Relly good
classic💗
Infested with ads. The game is fun but the sheer amount of ads in this game makes the experience unbearable. "Watch an ad to get an extra life" "watch an ad to get coins" "watch an ad to get a shield" "watch 2 ads after finishing a level" "watch an ad if you locked your phone for more than 30 seconds" It's absolutely ridiculous and ruins what otherwise would have been a great game.
Nice game, but too many annoying ads that can't be skipped unless you watch a few initial seconds, no exit button, but the game itself is a goood one, such a shame....
GG
Super awesome 😁
It is the world's best game
To be honest its a pretty well made game but it needs just a little bit more content like add another kind of gamemode or do events certain types of days like make more characters and give missions for the players to get them for free and etc.
Too many ads
Love it
just turn off wifi before you enter the game and you will gucci
Its ok but there is to many adds
I love it so far!!!
This is very good and nice
Its a good game but my screen is cracked and I can't get past the tutorial because of it. Can you make a skip tutorial button please.
Superb
Cool😎😎😎!!!!!
The game is really addictive and the main stages aren't very rng based and actually requires you to think which is pretty rare in mobile games. There is life system but iyou only lose a life if you fail a level, which is good. If you are looking for a good game to kill the time, pick this one Oh yeah there are a bunch of pop-up ads but what mobile games don't have those
Pacman with rejuvenated gameplay. Good
Addictive game
This is a really goid app u should get it its fun
I have nothing to say but this is fun..😑
It is fun and sometimes it is hard but I like playing it
More time on Ads than playing Game! 10-20 sec spent playing a level, 30 second ad between. Ads are NON STOP! It's a shame because I'd be willing to pay $5 for this app, but I'd expect unlimited energy AND no ads, offline play, etc. But developer is greedy!!!! Watch 30 second ads after you die, to revive mid game, for additional lives (which take FOREVER to re-generate). Game controls "fail" but watch an advertisement & BOOM! Controls are sensitive again 🤷‍♀️🤬
افتضاح بود
Nice game😃 I mostly like this game,😘😘😘
i just like it thats all
Really fun arcade game
Me likey
Classic game
started out awsome but the character doesnt always move when you tell it to. Makes me want to throw my tablet. Also, the constant ads and moneygrab tecniques make it twice as long to do anything. 25 dollars a month is to much.
I think it was actually pretty good. Just a tad bit too many ads.
I do not like rating stuff that is low but the ads on this game is to redicules iy makes the app annoying and another thing is that I like it if we didn't have life's because I like playing the game and when I run out of life's I'm bored and dont know what to do hope I helped
Wanna get mad? Play this game
it's so awesome
It's okay it's really good
FUN FUN FUN!
The ads are absolutely awful. Can't even play the game without even a little break from the ads. I get these people need to make money but opening up my browser and playing an ad after every single level is ridiculous. Screw these guys
I cant istall this that is very bad but that game is cool
Thanks for letting me go to this app 👍
The game is great, the overall layout of the map its self makes collecting coins n stars a challenge and im liking it.
Way too many ads but Its hella fun
This game is trash I froze on me like 20 times and it was glitchy I hated that
It takes so much battery power from my phone and I HATE IT!
I like it
Its a really good game
Ugh
The game is good, but there are too many ads. Also, I would like to see masks to be added into the game.
Ad infested peice of ××××. Sad, good potential but so greedy. I mean, there is an option to remove ads, and i generally don't mind if ads pop up from time to time on free games but this ridiculous. 1 star.
I love it but I think there shouldn't be lifes as it gets me very upset and frustrated but other than that it's a good game
Fun gameplay, and challenging across all skill levels.
Car
I didnt get the Update
Good
You have made an amazing game the thing I don't like is that it's not for children but it's a good game even though, I'm 8 years old
بازی خیلی خوبی است دیگه نم دونم چی بگم هرچی بگم کمه
It's good I guess
الف الف great
Very good
عالیییییییییییییییی😘😘😘😘😍😍😍😍🤩🤩🤩
Uninstalled for ads, this game takes ads way too far
Bhhhh
I love it
WOW Nice Game
Fun
So entertaining
This game is so much fun to play it is like Pac man but with a twist just down load the game recommend it
Not a good game
I love this game its soo perfect but i dont like that there is just 5 lives and i hope you can fix this
Amazing !!
Rated a five until i realized how many ads there were(everytime you die)
This game really fun to play
Y mola
I like this game
This game is cool but there's to many ads but the game is cool i give you guys five stars.
I love this game too much and this is the best game I've ever played 🎮🎮🕹️🕹️♥️❤️💖💖🏆🏆🏅🏅🥇🥇♣️♣️🎨🎨🇵🇰🇵🇰🦄🦄🦓🦓🦌🦌🐴🐴🐎🐎
Dis is a wholesome game which is super fun. But when I first downloaded this app. I seriously didn't know this was a game. 😂
I realy like the game but i dont understand why its not dissined for children
Cool controls sometimes annoying when your palm hits screen side but still super fun
This is the best game
This game makes you have to learn how to use a strategy
This game is good
I just love this game! Its so fun and playable for kids I just hope that theirs an update of this! Have a great day! :)
Good
Its good game for timepass and. Graphics Are Also Véry good
This game is awesome but theres only 200 levels
Great game like the sound effects too it feels so different to other games
This game was so best
Everything is nice. I enjoy playing this game. But suddenly when the ads come, it's a bit annoying.
Wow amazing
Fun game but too many ads
Awesome
Omg !!😑🤐🤐
cool game
The Gane has the best 8-bit gameplay and has the best graphics which helps the game alot for me and others THANKS FOR MAKING THIS GAME!!!!
Awesome !
Although it says not designed for children, my 5 years old is killing it! He loves it and is constantly asking for the second game or more levels, cause he has already passed all the levels on his tablet.
Greatest game evrr
Its fun and not logging in my phone. Please update it. Pleaseeeeee. I LIKE IT. 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
thes game the cools thing in the world♥
best f ing game ever!! love it 5 stars!
Most of all the game is full of ads! You need energy to play like if you agree
Like a yellow and black cat 🐈
Nice to you too you are not in advance so cute in
Its really shame to give 4 star. It deserves 5 star if they control the ads.Ads are too excessive. Better luck next time
keren wkwkwwkwkwkwmwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkwkw
Its so nice
good
Addictive
Idh
Huh... Nothing special
Its a great game overall, works really well in even old phones, and simple but addictive
God dam great! Love it
Good
Cool super
If I could I would give it 10 out of 10
One of the best mobile games I have ever played.
Fun to play
Its a game that makes me think
Boring, same thing over and over
good amazing
Very challenging..it reminds me of a speedy Pac-Man.
No ads
Time consuming great app
This game is cool.I've already made it to level 200.But when are the new levels coming?
It is a very fun game and good game to play
Boring
I love this game
Love the game 😍♥️ even that I'm done with the game I still like playing it
Great game, a lot of ads
It's fun but there are way to many adds not just in this game but it's a big problem and I cant deal with it
Its cool
5 5 5
Love it
simpel yet really enjoyable. I recommend it
The game is great
10 out of 10 So good
All 200 levels are completed, please update the game, and bring more exiting clanenging levels in this Game.....
The game concept is nice, but buyer beware, as soon as you open the app it has a flashy button that charges you 7.99 a WEEK! Then, if you don't get it, you spend double the amount of time watching ads, than you do playing the actual game, what a scam. Just sell the game, or lower the ad count. What a scummy app.
It's a good time killer 😃
Pretty fun game. Make a Hard Mode.
I love fortnite
Cool
I Love this games 😘😘😘
I love i
Great
It's fine
Goooooòooooood
I like this game
Kinda cool
Because it is really fun to play when I was bored of the thing that I have to do
It was the best game Q
Needs more levels!!!!
The game is really good,but there are too many ads
It's super awesome and cool and I love it so much
It's such a fin and easy game yo play when your bored.
The mask who reached the Crechel's Message say, Dear Charles: Thank you for our friendship. Love Gateur, for loving cared to you. Do not forget to the rude error messages. I offered her water and ask her to sit down. Play games. Did not likes good. Did you understand? Do you know farly is the friends.
Best
It is so perfect and i dont get ads guess why i get a lot of free coins then i turnnoff my wifi best game ever
Wonderful game waiting for more levels.
Fun
It's great
They just need to go past 200 levels
I haven't played this yet but yes.
I'll be in the future of our games
Great game. I don't like how you have to buy everything though. Good to play on long car journeys to pass time
1 word: ADS
I love this game but it has soooooooo many ads.Dont play this,but if you like ads play this fricking game 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
Its a super fun game I really like it!
Really addicted 😂👌
I love the game its addicting but too much ads make you want to pay the $4 all month. Which is kinda cheap... and I hate that we only get 5 energy.
This app is really good
It gives me the excitement I need so when lava chases me I move my fingers faster. It also saves me from boredom
This is an great app i dint play this in my phone but my cousin play this game so i install it today im so excited to play this game 😆😆😆😆😆😆😆
It is cool
yayyyyyyyyyy
This app is everything i hate about mobile gaming. Such cancer.
I think it fun to play when you are bored 🙄
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasasasasasasasassasaasasasaaasaaasaaassssaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssaaasssasasasasasssassssssaassassssaasasasasasasasasasasasasasasassasasasasasasasaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa@aaaæ Dr aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaqaqaqaqaqqqqqqqaqaqaqaqaqaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa@aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa@aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I love this game.
Its awesome
fun game, love it, but I beat all the levels and it says more coming soon. when is that cause I feel like it has said that for like 2 months now. 4 months later and still no more levels. I should just delete it at this point because it seems to me there will be nothing more to this game.
Amasing
Kinda sad
Sooooooooo GOOD
This game is ok
Cool
i hate it so fricken much because it said on my phone not desind for kids and im a kid what the flip
Hey shut up this is really fun and your being rude you shouldbe ashamed of yourself
It's an amazing game and i play it all the time!! 😁😁
WAHT E FOKE THIS GAME IS FOR BABY
Very hard when you get to high levels but very fun I recommend it
It's a great game it doesn't take Internet either
A new but amazing and fun gane,jest can you please make everyone free?
Great and fun
OMG that game is so easy 😎😎😍😃😋
This is so fun🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃😂🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
Good game
i love this game i just wish there was less add
This app entertains me when I'm bored in a don't have anything to do and you should download it.
It a amazing game. (Not for children.)
I am addicted to this game. Just wish I could pay a monthly subscription rather than a weekly one.
Great
This game had much potential but the ads ruin it
Awsome
One of the best examples I've seen demonstrating that simple is the most effective
Veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrtrrry gooooooood 😃😄🤣
Finished the game. It's boring af without any new levels to play so I'm uninstalling because there's no reason to open it. :P EDIT: STILL NO NEW LEVELS. ADD NEW LEVELS.
Simple and catch. Too early to give a resting just yet.
The best game i ever played its a really addicting game,finished up to level 200 and want to play more.pleaseee update and make more levels because that would be fantastic and i really want to play some more.I totally recommend this game for people because its fabulous
Ads, ads and more ads
Ads kill
I loved the game , my favourite but when I reached level 103 I was just going to finish the level but I can't pass level 103 is very hard for me but it's good 👍
fantastic😊👍
This is the best game ever I have played. Must download.👍👍👍👍👍👌
Ok could be better
Its a very nice game
Nice game
Good
So fun
Game kontol, gw mau beli shield malah dikasih iklan anjing
I ❤❤THIS GAME⚠️
Love it
Hard
Good game very nice
Addictively fun experience!!! I had to stop playing because my previous phone had a terrible delay that prevented me from progressing. I just got my new phone, and this was the first game I downloaded, and it is still just as fun!!! Amazing game, my friends 🤗
Very very very gooooooooooooood
Good
Its very nice
I mean it's satisfying
this is actually the greatest app that i installed because it has adventure, puzzles ,and more so i rated it to 5 stars thank you for creating this game i have to rage sometimes but it doesn't mean i could not have fun.
It is very nice
Power
I downloaded this game and turns out it's a scam..you have to pay money!So I have to give this game one star.
One of the top 12% Game is like pixel of the develeper who choose the right game above In fact the game is good and you have to escape the flood room space. Mind making more of this good game to impress people? If this is called Tomb of the mask then sure to download it now. Pretty sure youll love/like it then :)
A fun way to fill a bit of time
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
WOW
Good
It's a fairly entertaining game
Great making and good performance
I love the game but the only problem is that there isn't enough levels. I have completed all 200 of the levels twice. Once about a year ago and then now I thought that after the ammount of time that had passed that there would have been an update with more levels. Other than that it is a really good game I would really recommend it!!!!
Nice
خیلی خوبه
Very good🤣😭😋
wow give more grapichs
To much adds but fun game.
This game is fun
Too many ads
Ti is good
Its fun
I love this game ❤
Great time flyer and just a peaceful game 😊
Cool game
Great way to pass time
😎 thanks 👨 you got moreo==[]::::::::::::::::>▄︻̷̿┻̿═━一⌐╦╦═─😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
This app is aweosome and really fun to play😘😘
This game is gag (gag stand for good and great)is cool but I will make it to level 50
this is a terrible game and it cheats you out😡😡😡😡😡😡😡👹🙍‍♂️🙍‍♀️🙎‍♂️😡😡😡😡😡😡
Cool
Honestly, this is one of the calmest games I've ever played. The controls and gameplay were clear; the graphics were operational and working and in general it's just a really good game. Would definitely recommend this to my friend.
I absolutely love this game but I ran out of levels! There are only 200! When will we get more??
Meh
Good
Should be called advert run. Uninstall
An absolutely ridiculous amount of ads. Ive NEVER played a game with so many, 14 ads in 6 levels, less than 5 minutes play time, if it were not for the ridiculous amount of ads it would actually be fun to play and one could waste quite a bit of time on playing instead im uninstalling.
I liked the app but uninstalled after a few minutes..way to many ads
TOO MANY ADS!!!!! UNINSTALLED AFTER 5 MINUTES. GAME SUCKS!!!!
Unacceptable device data mining policy! Please read the privacy policy and you'll be shocked at what you could be giving them access to. App immediately closed and uninstalled.
Have a game with your ads! No, just download ads. Game has potential, but can hardly play it due to all the ads! Dot waste your time downloading this app of ads. There is a game in there somewhere, but you won't play it because if ALL THE ADS!!! Did I mention ads? No? Ads ads ads. And you know what? Ads ads ads ads ads. That is not even a fraction if how many ads you will see when trying to play the first 5 levels. Ads ads ads ads ads ads. Angering you yet? No? Ads ads ads ads ads...
Just for fun
Way to many ads
Gmae is OK but too many ads !
It wasn't a good game but I liked it
Constant advertisements ruin gameplay
Not good
Fun app but the ads are non-stop. I had to uninstall.
half effort game filled with ads. I mean just look at its entire description "thrilling".
It s liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit awesome gaaaaame nice wooooork
Wow man its dat w Awesome abd coooool!!!!
Xl un
No because yall cars and trains be coming out of nowhere knowing damn well yall not even close to me but its fun or whatever 🙄💓
It's good
A lot of abbs
Great little game
I overall think its it's a good game if you are not obe of those people who don't get mad if they lose twice in a game and lose there overall high and also the app gives to many chances to keep the your high score
Too many ads. Geez cant even play the game. Uninstalling now.
it was awsome
You get to see what you can do with your car and cars run into you but you get on good levels.you get cute pets for your characters to play with!!!play this game if you what to see if you might what to play!😃
Good app
I haven't played it yet
Awesome
Best game ever
Riddled with ads. For every 3 second run, there's a 15 second ad. DELETED
So much fun to play with 😄😚
Never played it and don't want to
When i started all i did was hold it and pass the level
Ads galore
Ad after ever single level..kinda gets fustrating after a while.
Get this game it really fun
I Love it ❤️💙 and i Love your games too ❤️😘 😋😛😝😜😍🤗😁😀🤣😂😅😆🙃😗😙😚
I in love
Good
This game has a lot of potential, however the amount of ad popups as well as the ad at the bottom of the screen makes the game lag for me. (on Hwauei so dont know if other users of the phone have the same issue). It's basically unplayable for me as it is, but as I say, it's a shame.
Tiigi
Very addicting
I love the way this game works
The wurrs are anoig and the only thing that can get me please the only person to be able to get me out and to get to work on my own involved people who have been working with the government for girls.😀🙂😉😀😁😄😃🤗🙄😶
just started playing my kid loves it more colors for cars please
This is a stuid game who ever is created this game is not cool at gamming
En cuanto a la jugabilidad, los controles no responden con rapidez. El coche tarda en reaccionar cuando presionas la pantalla. Lo peor son los anuncios, no puedes nugar 3 niveles seguidos (5 segudos aprox cada nivel), sin que salte un anuncio, tanto si has muerto como si no (anuncio de 30 segundos). Definitivamente desinstalado en el acto, no he aguantado ni 5 minutos jugándolo. (He dedicado más tiempo a escribir esta review).
This game /would/ be a nice time-killer, but the ads are infuriating and extremely excessive, to the point that you spend more time watching the stupid ads than actually playing the game.
I like the game its just very lagy but I guess its ok.....
The ads dont boder me i think the game is great
Bad
Love it
I like the way you made the game
The game is infected with... THE ADS! 🤢
Do you know da wae
funnest game ever
It's a very good games just for a bit as it gets boring and not harder
it's good game
Really fun
Ok
Omg this game is amazing it literally makes you feel like your a good driver I literally bought all the cars from the pink cars to the blue and black and any kind color of cars download
Wow
I like it
a lot of fun cant quit!!!!! im hooked.
Tabby
LVE
Bloody fabulous I get bored easily so this game is prefect
Awesome
The game itself may have potential, but there are so many ads that they make the game useless. You spent more time watching ads than playing the game. Some of the ads don't give you the option to x-out. Such a wast of great game opportunity and time. I would go as far as to say that this was the worst experience I have ever had with a game I downloaded from the market.
Prety fun stays interesting
Dtnek
Sorry... this is terrible
read until 4 because when you have ads it doesn't give you the ads and then you have to go back but I love it
Way too many adds that spoil what could have been a good game. Uninstalled after having 10 ads play in the first 8 minutes
its fun😀😃😀😃😀😄😆
This is the best game everthat Ever played
So much fun
It's very interesting! And fun
it is such a great game cuz you could learn how to be the best at it you could learn how to actually drive and not crashing cars
its such a fun game
Good
Not bad, too many ads. Literally every other level.
Awesome
Really boring, unfortunately.
Very fun and addicting
I think it is a good game to play
Great
🚘🚘🚘🚘🚘🚘🚘🚘🚘🚘🚘🚘🚘🚙🚙🚙🚙🚙🚙🚙🚙🚙🚙🚙🚙🚙🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗🚘🚘🚘🚙🚚🚚🚚🚛🚛🚔🚓🚒🚑🚓🚔🚕
It's good
It's bad it's not fast
It's amazing ♡
Its superb (adipoli game aan for time pass)
Its stupid 😉
The game is sooooooooooooo fun when your looking for a game this is the game!
lots of adds
من نمیخواستم هیچ امتیازی بدم ولی برای اینکه نظر بدم باید یه دونه رو میدادم اين بازي افتضاح ترین بازی بود که من داشتم آخرشم بازی خراب شد هیشکی اين بازي رو نریزه. 😠
So many ads for ibotta. Every 3 to 4 levels gives an ad. Didnt even take 30 seconds between ads. No thank you. I uninstalled this game after the 3rd ad.
I love traffic run
Godly
Fun
goo goo gaga gaga and jjuhhhhnhj&&%%%ggggg
It's a awesome and fun game
Pretty good game get cool cars
Fun
THE ADD IS SOO BAD IT DOESN'T LET ME LEAVE THE ADD!!
Awesome game but and harder it looks
It's nice but I wish there were more cars on the road
Fun
I reached lev. 967
Not boring
boring gameplay, levels are short and unchallenging. plays an ad after every level.
I love this game
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!💊🔪🔫💰💰💰💵💵💰💴📗📕📘💽📀🌞🌜🚹🚺🚻🚼♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿♿🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚫🚷🚷💽💽👻👻👻👻
If this didn't have so many ads I would be able to play with no interuptions. Other than that, I LOVE THIS GAME!!!
Meh
It hard but it's fun
Fun game concept.need some improvements but it's fun to play. but the amount of ads just killed the game.
Good game FUN ADDICTIVE KILLS TIME
Level 2 on the the ad is impossible
Good
اا
Very addictive
It is very fun and i like it because its a good game.
To many advertisements.... LAMEEE
It's ok
good
To many adds, one after another
great
Its complete bull
Good Payton
This app has so many damn ads reduce the mf ads
Very fun and hilarious game!
The game is very cool. Al thing that bugs is the sound when it stops but that is just me. Its cool i like it very mach.
It won't let me put 4 stars....3
Amazing game
Crazy game to play
Creeper
I love this game because i just like it and it was great
Very bad😣
Dope
I don't even know what to say
I love this game
Add is too much...
There were so many ads the game was lagging.
The advertising is ridiculous levels .... Simply ridiculous.. Unjustifiable
IDK IT'S JUST SO COOL
Fun game
Fun game but way too many ads. 😞
I don't like this game because it it does work when I go in it's blank blues black and I decide the uninstall this game it's a very cool game if it work make it right please
Its amazing 😍
It is amazing great for when you are bored love it so much but there is alot of adds but other than that it is an amazing game five out of five so amazing🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟✋😁❤️
I rate this product five 🌟 because it is so good and hard the reason I am rateing it is because if it not hard it is not FUN and if it is not FUN it is not a good game
Good
M.....meh......... .....I LOVE IT ....it teaches me not hing BUT I LOVE IT SO MUCH SO MUCH.....LIKE ALOT
You watch ads 15 to 30 seconds after EACH game. A game takes 10 seconds to complete. You spend more time watching ads then playing the game .. no thanks..App deleted.
Itd a fun game but it plays ads way too much
The best game
If i could give 0 stars, i would. More ads than game play, the controls are terrible, the levels are overly simple and it's not just the first few that are that way. Not sure how this is trending.
It is easy
SO FUN AND EASY I LOVE IT BUT MORE UPDATES!!
Asome sorry if I spelled it wrong
I is so cool 😎 I love it. ❤️💙
Generic
I love this game is very detailed and it teaches you a little bit how to drive #so amazing
Fun game, too many ads
Too many ads
too many ads . gotta uninstall now regretful .
This is relaxing and fun, I just got this game, I'm already on level 65. It's a fast game. Good job creator's
Only to much ads
Greatest game ever
Good time pass game
It to slow
Awsomem
Coo
It's fun and it's great and when you get in a car wreak you get a little jump or shiver. Have a great day.I hope you have fun when you download this game.Its one of the best😁
Easy love it
Poppin amazin
Too many ads
Because you get all different can't see how your problem I have is why don't you get different colours
I just font like how long the ads are and cannot be skipped.
Very fun and addictive.
Too many.ads
Its a great game not much to say other than to make it harder
It is very fun and somtimes it is also hard
An advertisement every 2 levels, interrupting a lot.
Hi akon I am calling 2nd the hmm 2nd
Thing
Fun time killer
It is a some
ALMOST ONLY ADS
This is a great game to know the basics of traffic laws.
This is the best game ive ever played 5 star rating!!
good
angers me
Toooo ooooooo many adds
It's a very good game! ♡♡♡
All u yave to do is of yur wifi then no ads thank me later 🤪🤪🤪
in my opinion I like it
I never tried it but it but it's going to be perfect
Amazing game
to many ads
Fun
Nice game
i like this game because u save money and when u got alot of money u buy a car
Awesome I got to level 15 In 1 day Its hard I got it 4 my son
Fun
Free fun
It so awsome
Yay
It is sooo much fun!! I cant stop playing it.
WAAAAAY too many ads. Hate it
The best
Best App Ever
Lots of fun. It's a good little game.
THE ADDS ON THIS GAME ARE SSOOO LONG AND ARE AFTER EVERY LEVEL! WHOEVER MADE THIS SCREW YOU!
I cant its to coooooooooooool!!!!!!!!!
Fun and addictive.
Love it its hard and fun! And i love that!
I love this game this is my new favorite thing to do and it is fun # shot out to Traffic Run!!
Super fun! Graphics are amazing, gameplay is amazing as well! 👋 stars!
Forced to watch 10 adverts within 5 minutes of installing.... No thanks.
Good
Great fun! Super star!!
traffic run
This is the best game every 💙💙💙💙💙💙
sits at a blue screen to lo g fix your game
This game is AWESOME!!
Good
Really nice game 😜
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
This game is awesome! My yt is marveldog103. Like and sub.try to beat my score on this game. My score is 22141
Way too many ads
you can just turn off the internet too play the game without adds
It's pretty cool just waaaaay too many advertisements for other games
Best game
Too many ads constantly
I like this game
Omg!!!!!!! I 💖💗💖💗💖 lt!!!! So entertameing!!! 👍👍👍👍👍
Patience, gets you every car.
ADS
U should get this game it is sooo good 🚗🚗
Good! It's relaxing and time consuming. I was playing it for 5 hours straight! But, there is too much ads.
Lag
So far its a cool game
Fng Cc Vz can't. Headed Sheaffer guess hey jet whereas Fair
cool fantastic
Good
Great
The best
Fun but hard
Ridiculous... 60 seconds of ads interrupted by (literally) 6 seconds of gameplay. Why not just have 100% ads and call it "Ads Run! (No Traffic)" Pshaw!
Not very addictive & far too many adverts leading to other downloads for me try it for yourself make your own mind up which is why I gave it a 3 star.
Nice
Traffic Run l
Fun fun
There is literally an ad every other level and the levels take like 10 seconds to complete
Love the game and the reason I love it because its challenges you
It was great
It's a fun game but there's an ad playing after each level....
I LOVE THIS GAME! so addicting I only gave it 4 stars because the levels are a bit to easy I am at level 300 and I can pass that really easily so make them a bit harder pls THX
It is good I like the simplness is pretty easy overall its good
Ads after almost ever round. To much to enjoy the game
Great
Game is alright but WAY too many ads. Im pretty patient but i uninstalled in under 5 mins. Basically unplayable and i spent more time watching ads than playing.
Fun
Super i have had no ads i wanted to find the best game possible and it is this one! If you are looking for a great game it is this one !
So fun
Way 2 easy then it advertised
i used to have the Ferrari F80 Concept in this game, but only on my old phone. but now, my progress has been lost, DO SOMETHING ABOUT MY PROGRESS!
Good.
I love this game
Good game sitting around
Fun game but the ads for it are very very annoying and constant.
Good
This game is nice and cool but I'm not sure i am going to rate this nicely because i doing like the part where you buy a new car because you can't pick what car you can have because you have to press this button on and then you have to wate a minute for your device to pick you r car and i don't like most of the cars i get so ya
Good
On the face of it not a bad game to kill boredom. Too many ads for apps spoil the experience so won't be playing this again.
Sooper fun all together I give it 5 star rating
I love this
Brh
Amaze
I hate it
Easier then I thought.
Its good
Good felisha
Forcing you to watch ads!!
Fun
Its good cuz its hard!!!
It actually kind of fun especially when your bored it like driving but with out the consequences of ticket
You die ad. Beat a level ad. Want to revive ad... don't revive ad anyway because screw you you're watching the ad anyway just now you won't revive. I could probably watch less ads if I turned on the home shopping network. I deleted after level 8. Truly the worst game experience I've ever had
Extremely fun game locked behind an obscene amount of ads. If it wasn't an ad every 10 seconds it would be better.
This is a great game. The one thing i have been having problrms with is that it sometimes lags so I crash. Otherwise this is a great game. WAY better than Pick Me Up.
Fun, but way too many ads. Not worth continuing. Uninstalling.
The game itself is pretty solid, however the ads get in the way of actually playing the game. It's a shame because I would like to play more.
FUUUN
So. Many. Ads.
It is harder than it seems but easy at the same time. Well, atleast for me.
little laggy, but not too bad
I'm in love with it and it is so fun to play. Get it now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
SO FUN AND LIT🔥🔥🔥🔥
🏁🚗🚕🚓
Forced ads. Uninstalled.
It's so fun and cool to play
Partners are welcome yr5th to
The best
I love your game
😀😁😂😃😃😄😅😆😉😊😋🙂
The game is really fun. What I don't like is when you watch an ad for 100 coins it doesn't work. but overall it's great.
This game wants to collect too much personal information about you, data, locations, Facebook profile,email, ect. Theres no need for this privacy intrusion. I wont agree to such privacy violation.
Fun App
This is great i play all the time
Good
xdhf3
Good
The game is always glitching and going to commercial every second its so annoying and stupid plz somebody fix this other then that the game is ok
Too many ads tbh
Its like your learning how to drive but your learning how to not crash into each other
So fun
This game is awesome I'm at level 355
Cool
Because it is fun
Love this game
Love it
Fun game, too many ads!
I HATE THIS GAME because it me to hard that I can not do it but I do not like it at all and when you get to fast I had crush into and stupid car cause I'm driving to fast I'm sorry that I hurt you but this game is sorry like trash I'm really really sorry that I rate it a 1 it's OK sometimes we be mad and like blah blah blah blah but I'll cheer you up
The worst never try
Cool Game Keep It Up
Cool
It glitches alot
It kept messing up
This game is so fun it gives you an option to get coins for ads I dont know why it's only 3.9 stars.
it is so fun
This is a fun game I love it
I love it bc it so fun and does not need wifi
I love this game so much
Good
A TV show is a good thing for me but i'm still not going to do it but i'm just not going back on my mind as a result I have no one else in my family that has a very good relationship to fest Zaza but i'm a bit surprirffysed it
I like it but while I was playing a strange glitch happened, My truck got off the road but it kept on driving and the background was all pink. [:(
Awesome
Its a thrill lowkey
Good
Fun but after a certin amount of time you get all the cars ans it is no fun anymore
Kailah
Fun
Good game it fun I like fun sax Is also fun
Great game
Cool
It good
The game is not half bad, the ads are overwhelming, plus adsense on the bottom. Soooooo Much cant even enjoy. Definitely deleting.
This game is the defintion of lag, the car doesn't stop when I let go of my screen and I end up hitting a car every single time. This game should work on it or this game would be the worst game iv'e ever played
Nice trying to beat my aunt
Love ot
i LiKe this game
Cool
It's cool
Fun periodt.
I think that it was a great thing just to play when i am scared
Adverts. So may adverts. A fun concept like crossy road but i saw around 40 adverts in about 15 levels (less than 5min). No problem with ad support but this is ridiculous
I really appreciate it and love it and it's fun and addictive I can play all day I was really happy when I was able to pass the first board 😁
One player game
Good luck Bee free Have a great day Laberday yea
Ads
Very good game
It's just fun😁
Ads and ads and ads and ads, every level as ads 5 or 6 secunds to clear a level and 30 seconds off ads. Boring and annoying.
Ganeplay is 5 stars but the intrusive advertising ruin the hole game.
great
Won't let me download.
Very fun
Great game but adds adds adds adds adds it wil make you crazy
Its sucks
Allsuum
Awesome
💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
Never played it
Good snd exciting
When closing the game to take a break and then opening the game it will not restart, there is no way of restarting the game without uninstalling it to install it again .
Great pass time on long trips
The magic tiles ad doesn't let me go back into the game
Pretty fun time killing game
Great Game!!
Good
To many adds
😐
Poop
It gets so boring after 1 minute. And way too many ads. Would not reccomend this game. And the app uses alot of storage, alot more than it says! Anyway, DO NOT INSTALL!!!
Too many ads
Yeet
Love it
Gooooooooooood ya booiiiiiooiiii
Game is fun but there is 20% gameplay and 80% of full screen adds you can't skip.
Good
This game is very fun and addicting but tends to lag at times. You should download this game if you want time to pass quickly.
My dather loves this game
Such an addictive game!!
The lobos impossible but I passed
It's so fun
Best game ever
V. Good
Could you move the in game score. It does sometimes bloke the traffic from the sides.
Love the game
Do not install this app..it will send you to other sites and when I tried to stop the game, my phone froze..I finally uninstalled the app and it took a while to get it off... something is really not right
Fun Game
Awesome
an really fun game and entertaining thing to do if your bored 🤗🙂🙂🙂👍🤩🤩💫💫💫💫💫💫💫
Boring gameplay loop with uninspired level design and excruciating audio
Ok
It is a well thought-out game, with simple instructions and sweet graphics... However, I recieved an advertisement every few seconds, the controls are difficult and slightly laggy (I don't know how to describe it) and it doesn't allow you to go any other route other than the correct one... like.. it doesn't let you turn when you aren't supposed to, which is a bummer. Thank you for the game though!
Stop showing me ads of this game
Boring
How do play the game
Excellent
Nicely done and I have a great time with my family playing it
God
Its a cool no internet game for long vacations this game is interesting i like this
Yeet
I love it
Superbbbb
Easy but fun
Its a nice idea but there are too many ads. I am put off by being forced to watch a 30 second ad every two 5-10 second rounds.
i liked the grafics but i would like the levels to be a bit longer and harder in your next update
Worst
Okay
I like your game because I'm can I know which car is the fastest I love your game it's super cool
Its fun. But too much ads annoyed me. So i uninstalled the game.
So many damn ads!!! You not only have to pay coins but you have to watch ad after ad after ad. 3/4 of your time is nothing but stupid ads!!!
Freaking funny game
so much fun!!
Too nany ads....But the game us challengjng
Addictive aaaasssss all heck
So boring no perks. At least give bonus for not stopping in a level. Terrible all around
One of the boring game
Fun game / too short / easy , bust just to much ads for non- realistic game play.
It is fun and interesting but I would give it 5 stars if it felt more realistic
Lit
I dont like it
Ads were crazy
After every 5 second game their is a 15 second ad. So fun. [Sarcasm]
Fun
Ugly
sooo fun and easy to play!!!
Massive spam.
Ads suck on this.
You get an ad every 3 levels. It takes longer for an ad to play than it does to finish 3 levels in this game. And did I mention you can't skip the ads?
It's so fun
Love this game
Good game
To many ads
This is an awsome game!!!!barley any adds :)
👍☺
Great game. Usual full of ads.
Very Satisfying!!!
The ads are unbearable. The levels last 20 seconds and there is a 30 second ad every 2 levels. Scam
Cool
Wow the amount of ads are unreal i know it's free but it's got my ad time than game time. Uninstalled.
Q1
A great time passer
To many ads and the game is easy and it constantly freezes
Good
Its the same concept over every level, the cars dont have variaton and if you touch a car a tiny bit you still crash.
A lot of people say that they get a lot of ads but I barely get any
Almost fun. Ads are too frequent, as they auto-play every 2 or 3 level attempts. So anytime I start to enjoy the game, I'm forced to stop.
Way to many ads. I had the game for 10 minutes, spent most that time watching ads instead of actual gameplay.
TOO MANY ADS
Too many ads it's actually ridiculous!
Ok
It hard and fun but i had good experience of playing the game
I think the game is really good it is really easy ( right for me) and it is super creative and fun keep up the hard work!!! Iwould change the amount of ads though 😁
Its all ads and boring, its a press your screen simulator
I gave this app 3 stars because 1 it glitches alot i dont know why if i play other games on the same device it doesnt glitch but when i play this one it glitches. Also 2 there is alot of ads in this game every 1 or 2 tries and you die or win you get a ad. But overall the game is fun and entertaining. I'd really enjoy playing the game if it would fix all the things I had said.
Goox game
poops 💩
Great game
If you're lucky, you'll play for up to 30 seconds between ads.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this game because for me it is EXTRA funny when I CRASH!!!!😃😄😆😅
Reliegood
Some ads but still super fun
Umm i never wrote a review plz don't
It's awsome like your droving a car
Its a good challenging game but its poor
Some many ads and you cant even cancel them its trash
Ok 😕😤😐🤨🙄
💯😁🔥
Good
Adds are kinda annoying but its pretty interesting
Stay tuned
Great game
Nu az
I love it but it takes for ever to download and now i have less than 27 mb
Amazing
90% ads 10% game play
Holy Ads, Batman! App is about 60-70% ads. Could be a far more entertaining game, if it weren't for constant ads. There are even ads when you try to get out of seeing the ads; there are automatic ads between levels, almost every time you click on anything, there's an ad first. Ads, Ads, Ads! So many Ads, everywhere!
Best game
Interesting game
I like it so much
Fun game
The amount of ads on this game are insane. The game is WAY to simple to have that many ads. Every 3rd level that took 12 seconds to beat to get 15+ secs of ads. UNINSTALL just trynna make too much money
Ok fun Nice
Funny Fun
It glitches but I like it
Great game
This is fun but on galaxyntab E Lite it lags alot can you fix that?
Er
Glitches but fun
I love the concept of this game,but I have to be honest the amount of ads is total trash.Every level I pass a ad comes ,so I have to exit the game and enter back. Whenever the ads show up they don't load so that's why I have to leave.I do not recommend this game.
many advertisements
This game is amazing 😤😆🐶
Great
game is alright but an ad every two or so levels is kind of annoying to have
Really fun
That is so boring and i just crashing
This is a cool game!! The pure fun I expect from Japan🇯🇵🏯🎎 You start with easy levels and then the game starts the real challenge. Well in this game everything is beautifully executed, the graphics, the controls etc. I found this game after watching it's ad and in the ad they have shown that there are buttons (accelerate and brake) to control the car and not touch and hold. I want to use buttons instead of touch and hold. But it's still a good game. Just go for this game!! ! ! 📲🕹🎮
But you can do it or no
there is an add every 5 seconds. Died twice watch an add, finished a level watch an add, respawning watch an add. levels only take a few seconds you will spend more time watching ads then playing
👍👌
SO many ads. Not even worth playing.
Constant ads
If it wasnt for the constant adds
To many commercial
Get rid of the white bar on the bottom of the screen!!!!!!! I don't want that burnt into my screen!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Its it is fun
Cool game 😎 love it
Traffic run is ar really fun game and it's very addicting. The levels aren't to hard or too easy and not that many adds.I highly recommend
Very nice game but kinda boring and no purpose
Great game
Too many ads!!!
hate
Good game
hey guy is going on are going up there
I a fun game I love it ❤💛💛💜😀
It didn't even allow me to play this stupid game 😡😡😤😠😠😠😠😠😠😡😡😡😡😡😤😤😤😤😤and I don't like that I think if you have a game you should let people play it not make people delete it cuz this is exactly what doingand I don't care if y'all not liking it I'm giving y'all the opinion that I likeso if y'all got a problem with it I put my address in the. In the description period.
Fun and fun
I love it. The game is teaching me how to drive
Great game
Lot more fun then I thought!
Very good. Great for reflexes.
Very fun!!
Too many ads. Not very good either
It was ok
Ads every time.
Boring!! NEXT .
Way way way to many ads! I really mean it! Deleted immediately!
To much adds
Within a few minutes of playing it froze and i had to uninstall and reinstall
It looks cool and I am 6
Nice
It's boring.
Fun
This game might be a fun an interesting timing and skill based puzzle game if it weren't for the massive amount of ads crammed into the game. The ads are longer then the levels and you get one after every level as well as there being a banner ad at the bottom of the game the entire time. I understand wanting to make money for the work done, but with everything so covered in ads, I can't even decide that I like the game enough to keep it on my phone let alone support you with $3 to remove ads.
Its amizing!! I got to level 23 in about a sec!!! Defently five stars!!!but to much ads thoe!
I love this game! It's very fun and addicting!
ads every level
I love all the cars in this
Gg
I Love this game 😁
Fun
The levels change into more difficult challenges. Graphics are good.
It's a pretty good game also fun
It is good🎆🎆
Fun game
Its fun to play
It's fun and awesome
Decent but laggy and glitchy
Great game 10 stars!!!!
It looks fun and easy but it's not easy at all
I like this game bc to me it helps u to learn to drive in real life
PLEASE STOP MAKING CRAPPY GMEAS!!!!! You have no excuse to make trash games
Its fun
Very nice game
This was a fun game when you didn't have all the cars... But then as time went on some of the levels seemed to repeat themselves... Otherwise it is a good time passer.
Great
this game is challenging and fun all in one.
♥️♥️🕋
This game is very glitchy and it crashes when u dont even move the car yourself
Fun
These adverts are ridiculous - never seen so many in a game.
Fun
I love your app
The game is decent although the game itself is quite laggy when driving and ads pop up every 2-5 levels when playing. Would be more enjoyable if the ads wouldn't come up as often and if the ping was fixed.
THIS IS THE WORST GAME EVER TO MUCH STUPID STUFF AND ADS I WILL HAMMET U DOWN
Challenging and fun game.
L P
This game is good if you like watching ads every 30 seconds is exactly why I'm deleting it
There is no way you can complete level 26
Cool Cool Coll
When you try to go past a car to get "close call points" the car goes faster so obviously it's rigged.
Ooooooo you are interested in the front someone got arrested for eating. Donner dinner pass on the beach and pool out of town. And playing with Toys and games and other Bo Bo
It is so fuming good
Really good game but their is alot of ads
Yeet
That was awesome dude blah blah
YES THE BEST
An ad every 10 seconds. Ruined the game.
fun so far. first few levels short and fast.
It is such a fun game in love it and do u play roblox
It's amazing yah I get it some levels are hard but it's a good game. But my only problem is that there is way to many ads in the game. But overall it is a neat game.
None
it cool
It really good but i wish we could make money ..
I love it but it is fishy
Cool!
Good
Amazing
The best game ever
Shows how terrible a game can be. Good concept I give you that. Lagging and buggy sometimes. The worst part is the ads. You want more coins to get new cars? Watch the ads! You want to revive so you can continue? Watch the ads! You don't want to watch ads and just continue? That's fine. We'll just make you watch ads anyways lol. It makes you watch ads no matter what you do how you do. If you don't watch and just press home button and leave the game, the game freezes and does nothing.
xxxx games
Its ok thing is I got all the cars and the levels keep going but now there is nothing for me to spend my coins on so kinda pointless. Create new cars
Ads ruin the game. Almost an interesting concept but dev ruined the game by having one trillion advertisements.
Constant forced ads , meh
Not challenging but good one
Traffic run is the best
Very good
Boring
I get you need to make money but I literally have to watch an ad just to restart the level. And every time I wanna do anyrhing
Installed this game on note8 and all the cars with one touch start driving with no brakes... cannot slow down if following or brake for intersections..
60 seconds worth of fun.
I was having fun, but the ads are insane.
Its really fun
People claim that there are random ads. That's not the case. You get ads if you decide to try again after dying and there's nothing wrong with that. Overall fun game for when bored
Mind numbing, good fun.
Would have been a good time if there were not ads constantly
Fun game. Ads are honestly only a few seconds, its early on though not sure if they get worse. Its a good time waster
Very cool game
Way to many ads
Its AMAZING nothing wrong with this game solid 5 star
Fun
Harder than one would think, but cool!
Rubbish far to mamy adds and the levels don't change
I love to play it 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖👭
Look
Very laggy and i didnt really like how when you let go you stopped instantly.
Kool Game. Nice way to pass time
It like the ads but the level's are all very simelore
Funnnnnnnn
Great game
Waaaayyyy too many ads. I wouldn't mind it if the ads weren't popping up after almost every level.
Fun
Good game direct not insane b.s. just hood time to pass time
Awfall
Cant play for 30 seconds without an add. I get it, it's free so you deal with a few ads.. but his is ridiculous. Uninstalled
It's just fun
Vrty good
Its ok i wish is was harder in the beging
💩
Simple but fun!
Fun game
Its A Good And Fun Game
Nice
Bad
Fun
Very entertaining
I love this game I am on level 20 now easy😆😉😜😛
Way too many ads, uninstalled after level 6.
ABSOLUTELY STUPID AMOUNTS OF ADS !!!!! you spend 3 times the amount watching ads that you do playing .
This game is awesome I like it it is I think it's even better than poopy run. Baby zombie
Graet
Fun for a few minutes...Biggest issue us sll ghe cars performing the same. Add some variety, like different cars have unique acceleration, stopping distance, max speed... As it is there is no point to collecting new cars. Also, the point system? High score? So what! The points mean nothing.
Good game it is the best
Fun little game. More tough than expected!
Its cool and intertaining
Like it
Macam haram
Too many Ads, I was getting an add after pretty much ever level 🙄
💕💕😂
Ads every 2-3 levels.
Ads make the game slow and lag. Making it unplayable since it is a timing sensitive game.
It's challenging but that's the fun part
Have not played it :)
Pretty good
To many ads
Cool
Awesome best game ever
Lovely game really fun want a good game definitely would reccomend
I love it
To easy would like it to be a bit harder on level 100 and still easy apart from this a good game and I would rate it 5 just was a bit easy and quite disappointing
Funny and fun
Love it
Happy
Fun game, but I would definitely change one thing. Instead of holding to go and realeasing to stop, I think if the car just went automatically and you tapped to brake it would not only be better, but I also think the game would run smoother. Had a lot of framing issues, not super familiar with mobile games but less inputs equals less computation so I figure itd run smoother. Great game nonetheless!
Traffic Run Ring me back to you hun i thought it was a good night I KNOW YOU ARE A GOOD TIME IN the world I KNOW YOU ARE A GOOD TIME IN MY LIFE IS GOOD for you doing it up tomorrow Every day is going to be a bit of a good day I KNOW YOU ARE A GOOD TIME IN MY LIFE IS GOOD
If the responses which are one star give you any indication, the ads in this game a rampant. Instead of being a game that has potential to be fun, you get an ad for about every other short level. It isn't a big problem, but the game is incredibly short for such short levels. So even if you turn on airplane mode, it's only a small amount of time before everything's over. Only thing it really has going for it, is the ad revenue.
It's challenging and fun!
God P
This is a wonderful game to play it kept me up for a long time at night
Disappointing.
It's cool deff passes the time
So cooooooooooollllrothrhsoshithead
Great game
Nice
Didn't really like it
Mantap
I like this game. I really HATE to say this, but the ads are stuff that I find interesting... Forgive me please because I do not want more ads on anything that I use.
Its a very good game it taught my son to drive would play agin all tho i just got news that he crashed
Amazan so much fun
Fun if you're bored or waiting on someone!!!
عالی
Great game not too challenging I have now unlocked all the cars but I hope for more in a future update because of all the coins I'm still collecting.
Afun game
not bad
Great
YOI WANT ADDS, WELL F@#K DOWNLOAD THIS GAME AND HAVE ADDS FOR DAYS...
This is a really fun time-killer! 😁
عالیه
Fun🎉 Cool😎 And😃 Great 👍
Very interesting
good concept, but 20 sec of gameplay and 40 sec of adds per minute is way to much
Pathetic forces you to see ads and download them
Can't stop playing . I'm not going to stop. Best game ever
Fun and so addictive
Would be fun but way too many adverts. There us an add after every one or two levels. Sorry developers. But this is ridiculous.
Ad's are too frequent, that it is almost impossible to binge play this game
Love the game
So addictive
Hate it!!!!
Way to much ads!!!! Also way to easy!😕😕😕
Extremely good game
Love
Its addictive an fun
Addicting
Has potential, but too much work to play
Awesome 👍👍😁😁
So addictive im goin to scream 😯 you have been warned
This is awsome
Kind of boring after 50 levels
So addicting
I love the game
this is a awsome game game ;) : -)--
I love it Thx Love ya Cool!!!!
I really like it
Cool.
Its a good game
Awesome
Way too many ads. If it wasn't for an ad after every turn I'd like this game more and wouldn't have uninstalled it.
Best game ever
If you like ads this is the game for you..
Way too many adds. A completely unenjoyable experience.
It's a fun little waste of time
Ads, and then ads. Dont hit the back button cause you'll just open a link to who knows where.
Its really fun u recommend it to all of you
Difficult but fun.
Awful
I love this game
It is very good to have. If you complete the levels you will get new cars that you can drive. Then you can watch an add to get new colours.
it's fun
Fun
For such a small game, this is awfully laggy! The ads are far to frequent, making it unplayable! Other than that, the game has potential... But not much👎
I think you will like it
An absolutely awful amount of ads. I received 15 seconds of ads for every 10 seconds of gameplay.
Fun
It's intrataning
I love it so much😍
It is to slow
its good i like the levels
This game is so awesome it has WWWWWWWWWWWWWWaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy to many adds
Pretty fun but we need a little less ads😂
Yay (:
Fuuuuuuuunnnnnnn
Its slow and laggy
Intrusive ads blocks button functions. Theres no escape but to pull the battery.
It is fun at the first levels but after a certain point it gets pointless. But the worst part is the plethora of ads that also create lag and I am 200% that my snapdragon is more than enough for this game.
Love this game, it's simple but fun!
Too many adds
The Game is good it's just that there's a lot of ads and the cars just come outta no where and I think it's not fair to other people who aren't masters at the game so plz make sure they don't pop out of no where and the cars that are coming they don't stop so plz make thsee two issues right please and thank you
انا واختي نلعبها كثيرا نبي لعبه رائعه اقصد بسياره وحده🤩🤩🤩🤩👭🤩🤩🤩🤩
To many adssssss
Its fine not bestest game but its fun
It is very easy to use and I think that you should download this game
It was really good
The best🤣🤣🤣
Great game
As you go up in levels it does get more difficult. Really tests reaction time.
Fun, tricky, and ads are well timed.
Nice job this game is crazy fun and by the way don't listen to the people who say that your game is horrible. Anyways keep up the good work!!
Thank you happy face
love it so much like it when i crash with the train
I love it so much. It is the best.
Good game, play without wifi and theres no ads, ewrn coins each level and buy cash from that, no in app purchases that I've seen, 5 ☆ from me
Awesome mindless fun
Enjoy ads more than game
خیلی بد است
Idk
Fun
Good for nothing or anything
Fun
bad
Iiar
Cool
Its a good game well that's what I think.
Its a fun mental game for any child. I reccomend it to adults, too. Have fun!!!
Its veri nice enjoy
Boring
VERY VERY AWESOME, OMG VERY FUN HARD BUT FUN.
I like the car game
Its like your driving a real car i like it
I love the game very much. 😊😊😀😀❤❤
Good
I is so fun
fix the x box controller support it doesn't work at all all i can do is turn
guy's this games is 😤 FUN I love this game 😍
assassin's creed is a great game but where is the save cloud or save game plz update this game
it's a great game
trash
this is more a question. can I use a controller for this game
if you buy a game it should be offline and it should have everything that bought with the game
i played a lot and then all the progress is lost please do something with it
ada story berbayar di game berbayar saya suka saya suka
i love it
DLC pushes in the first 10 minutes of game play
i love it
ass
i dint even get to play the game it so fustraded i dint let me play
Highly impressed. Good Grasphics and Outstanding gameplay. Very similar to classic gameplay.
Fun
I have to restart the game every time I turn it off. If I could I would rate less then 1 star
i already paid for forli story,buat why i must pay twice? loading and download to much take time 3 hours or more,when playing it's to slowly many lag at my device Asus m1 max pro 6/64 GB
BEST A.C. EVER FOR ANDROID!!! GOD BLESS!!!
feels good
need to improve the mission. Same mission are repeated in different places
love it.
It keeps starting a new game.
The game didn't work well, the graphics were bad for a game that takes up so much space, and the controlls were the hardest thing in the world to figure out.
great game 👌
awesome game
The game didn't even work, I only saw the good things and got the game. I'd like a refund.
the drive of the game seems to be refreshed each ans evey day even after several levels completed and doesnt sync itself the game needs to be improved a lot for the money been paid
I bought this game 2 months ago and it didnt work for that month. Then I playes it last week and it was just amazing. The only problem is that after finishing the part 1 of the story, you need to buy the part 2.
y problem was solved, the ge is amazing
just bad
pop
Got me to try the real games, pretty good mobile game.
very good game played ever
Everytime i complete the story mode. The game restard! Please change this
awesome
best
i hope we can play it offline
Why does i have that glitch on top of the screen only when i play missions... please let me know how to fixed it
Wait i need Refund please
It's a great game... With all the missions, music and maps.. And outfits from different AC Games.. (my most fav is the Edward Kenway outfit) But P.S I want to give it 5 but because of the controls.... I'm giving it 4.9 (:D i know you can't do that... :D {teardrop}
console graphics, great game play. thanks ubisoft
i can't open the game till now stuck with errors
Great Fun!
the graphics are not the best but this game is fun as heck
i expected it to be like other assassin's creed games, it needs to be open world
yamete kudasai
THERE'S NO WAY TO SAVE MY GAME
not bad, but I would rather see AC II port with full price tag and zero MTs. mobile phones are powerfull and there are games like Rome Total war, Xcom... etc which are high quality games. clsssic mobile games are just a garbage cash grab... ;)
Fantastic game!
add keyboard support plz
great i need a refund because it did not work the way i thought it work
So far so good
crashing alot
game wont even start
cloud save lost.. sorry 5 stars dropped to 1 star.
i like your game but please please respond to this comment and tell me how to use eagle vision i skipped the tutorial acedentally
make a female character plz
it installed but says device dosent have storage space so i got more space but i did not work
more updates please
please fix the when I play the game they didn't load saying retry again
cool game
good
👕
graphics is best
super
bought this game more than 3 days ago and in goggle play it said installed, but the game is still at 1676.mb (connecting)and has not been installed since three days,I am using a Samsung Note3 and if it will not install, I demand a refund, I would have giving no star but could not post this without a star, so please fix or refund me.
awsome game play wish it was more free rome though
absolutely impressing this game is fantastic it has such great gameplay although it messes up a bit its worth the purchase this game deserves better than 3.8 stars 8 give it 100😀😀
The game is not responding. I can't play.everytime i open,it is saying that connecting. I want my money back.i just need a refund
Doesn't connect to the server most of time. But when i use wifi it connects. I'm able to connect to wifi and start thr game and then continue on Mobil data. but unable to start on mobile data
i like it
it's fun and decent game play. way too short thougb,
can you please let me know i get 1700 mb download always when i start the game its been 7 to 8 times iam downloading 1700 mb for playing the paid game please do the needful many thanks in advance
Make more mission
Degree of freedom is lower than expected
Solid game, the only letdown is the need for internet connection. Must of us expect this not to be the case for a paid app, sadly, this one is the exception.
It has a bug that makes you start over again..
overall good try for phone... but missed basic AC features..I.e. I mean why there is no crowd panic when I kill someone in front of anybody. killed whole thrill of AC..
It is a good game but when i played it the graphics are not good its just simple by the way its a very good game and now im a level 24 master! cause when im just a kid i think 4 yrs old i have this game but not this its assasins creed unity i think? but it is erased in the device cause it has virus now im eleven years old i paid this game for $99.00 and its worth it for me and im expecting for horses...😂😂 cause in ac creed unity i always ride into the horse but plz put a horse in this game...
Stuck in "connecting..." Fix it or give me a refund.
dosent skimp on feild of veiw or visuals much at all
amazing
not a full console but noice
nice to play
I will give a full five star if u could develop it like the PC versions . of course ur work deserves 5 star but due to the shortage of the main story. 1 star is lost,if it were like an rpg like the PC I would not have reduced 1 more star. I wish u would succeed in doing so. the ratings can always change, I also wish that my post would motivate u guys.
Very gooooood
The game has good graphics but i dont like that we cant control our assassin while climbing and you should add more suits, and why do i have to pay $1.99 for another chapter if i already paided for the game. The game would be much better if you actually pay attention to the people that comment on how to improve your game, also can yall add the New York suit from assassin creed 3 and whats also bad yall havent even added a new update also the hoodie looks nothing like the original ones.
I got this game thinking it would be cool but instead it doesn't even start and I can't refund it
actually very good quality worth the money
Will not 'connect' on the loading screen no matter how good the connection is. I demand a refund
best game ever
pretty decent gaming experience on mobile. Sometimes it keeps saying "something went wrong" which is very annoying.
really bummed I paid for it and am not able to access game all it says is to reach out to their Twitter account:/ if u could help me get this fixed
Please update your game. Theres too much glitch that sometimes game freeze.
Best video game series there is.
4 STARS BECAUSE IT TAKES A LONGER TIME FOR SERVER CONNECTION AND IS ALWAYS LOADING EVERYTHING AT EVERY MOMENT OF THE GAME. JUST FOR SAVING OR CHANGING SETTINGS IT SYNCHRONISE DAY WITH ITS SERVER WHICH TAKES A LONGER TIME.
my game will not work
great game, love the way you can walk around and the guards leave you alone
great I love the game !
not bad little tweaks are needed
horrible loading times
lags so much and my bluetooth remote only works to walk nothing else, alot of people have the same problem!!! FIX IT!!!!!
Controls suck big time
so awesomeness action rpg
Nyc game......not like pc or psp but good for mobile
The game was OK, but every time I quit the game, I lost my progress. I just finished 50% of the game, but suddenly, All my progress is GONE! please fix this problem. Its very frustrating when you have to play the game again and again. Its happen to me atleast 5 times! If you can't help me, I want an immediate refund!
Please send my money back. I installed this game 24 May 2019. I played this game also. But today (26 May 2019) as soon as I opened this game it is demanding for download again. What nonsense ! I extremely disappointed. please send my money back.
cool
is it offline when close the wifi?
after i close the game and reopen i am unable to click on any of the menu items like campaign or codex, nothing happens, restarting the game doesn't help either.
it is too expensive to buy things and to upgrade skills when you reach level 22. it makes people hard to keep going and make progress on this game
Samsung Galaxy A5-2016 Czytajac komentarze obawialem sie zakupu tej gry, jak sie jednak okazuje zupelnie niepotrzebnie! I wcale nie trzeba high-endowego phona zeby grac bez cięcia! Wystarczy tel ze sredniej polki i mozna grac dopoki bateria nie padnie, bo nawet procesor sie nie przegrzewa jakos strasznie. Konkretnie: Gra jest rewelacyjna i nie traci feelingu sagi o Ezio, a wrecz rozwija uniwersum Asasynow z renesansowej Italii. Sterowanie rowniez jest calkiem intuicyjne jak na tego typu produkcje. Mozna grac tez padem. Polecam!:D
what happened to the free roaming??? to the go to memory style? y are there special abilities? cmon ubisoft, do something similar to the pc i wasted memory and data on this one
all characters became black figures
Fun but a bit of a money grab
aight
Pls update more, put an open world and all players can interact
not suitable for 18:9 screen experience
achi hai
very unstable..lost my complete progress three times from the day I installed.
please fix this game
great
hey i have this but it took so long to download pls fix this
this game load is taking for 5 days
great
why I need to download the game everytime I log in to the game? every day why is it happening, please tell me.
worse pos ever made.. save your cash
very bad experience...even its not opening on my Galaxy S9+ . Error accured every time
new update event please.
It's a great game but the controls aren't nice
all chararters are full blackout, full of bugs, bad controls not even worth to play for free.
app no longer works for my phone and crashes then closes the game is a refund possible?
more trouble in this game i downloaded the game purchased and he does not work .the game is waste of money so u cant the purchase this game
value for money
improve controls
its a great game
I've been reading through the comments before I purchased the game as I was kind of unsure if it's worth it. Having already bought it I'm having tons of fun playing it and I think it represents great value for money. I really don't know why some folks are complaining about controls and etc. For anyone who is wondering if they should buy the game , just do it - it's really cool.
any luck with offline play? bit annoying i cant play without internet
The game stuck on loading forever, pls fix it asap.
game are great but please why so long loading on front page..
best
great game app
This is bulls**t. This game is 100% a subpar money grab. This is a mobile game I get it. But this is the 3rd time I've lost my save. And don't tell me to connect it to Facebook. I've already paid for this game once, what I'm supposed to give you my Facebook(so you can make more money off me again?) just so I don't lose my game. That's dirty.
it's almost excatly like the psp version deffinetly worth the 2 bucks
not bad
awesome game really superb excellent
രുട്ടിയി
can i get my refund
It's just a waste of money doesn't even install don't buy it.
super game no challenge any game 🌸🏵💮💮
i love the game. but i have been running out of storage and i spent about nearly 20 pound in this game. so i was wondering if i delete the game then download it in the future will i have my saved progress?
data doesn't download.what should I do to fix this problem
great game
Great game😄
love the graphic
It takes so long to load everytime i open the app or it does not load finish
uslesee, makes me download 1.3 gb everyday. uninstalling. give me refund..
graphic is good but game always loading only
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo goooooood
love the game
it was a good game
DONT BUY IT WASTE OF MONEY
The game worked for few days then it will get stuck and wont work. I raised the concern on support and they told me to send a refund in jan. Still haven't received refund.
this game is not support 18.9 ratio
games looks fun but it looks like it had issues downloading the extra data I'm on a s10e its plenty powerful enough run it
make an update please......like a new map or something....
not worth it. bought additional packs and would not give them to me. then got ahold of the support group and i sent them their receipts like they said and its now been a week and still dont have my purchases or another email saying they are fixing it. waste of time and money. will not be buying another game from this company
Very reminiscent of its PC counterparts but would be better if this could be played offline. Please make it happen devs
worth it,!! my mother spent 159 rs for me:D
Very beautiful game to look at. It's like a port of a console game. How was this possible? It's very lengthy. Ypu won't be bored. The art is superb. I love the weapons and clothes. They as usual do their homework on these Assassins Creed's games.
good..
great for a mobile app,would recomend
bad visuals low fps not like any otger pc versions not open world game is not good at all.
man i just paid and bought the game but its not stating now ! what i should do?
Best assassin's creed game ever,I suggest One gamemode that let's you do anything you want like a simulator or a mode called sandbox I like the aguilar outfit,keep up the good work ubisoft I appriciated your works
The controls sucks, even though im keeping eye on my target it says "keep your eye on the target" this sucks
high
I like this game but everytime I exit the game and reenter, the game's progress data is auto deleted. I don't know is this a bug or glitch or something, but I would like to say I waste my time of playing this stupid again and again.
make the game open world and more ultra graphics
good
not working!!!
can u add some pack like assassin's syndicate costume
I love the gameplay, though it sucks to pay to continue after you beat the first part. I still enjoy the missions long lasting and a bunch of enemys to assassinate
In order to move on you have to continue to buy levels.
Not controller compatible even tho they make games for the xbox
Hi. I tried to play this game again but I cant find any options to play my old account again. Any ideas?
poor performance on a oppo find x and other powerful devices
good game
this game is super buged out i higly recemend not buying the game it is compleat trash
Awful. Says Error all the time. I never got to play it.😢 I've even uninstalled and reinstalled AC Identity. I WANT my Money Back.😠
it's like im really in the animus!
Gameplay is boring and annoying. Should have specific buttons for specific actions. No jump button. Just move with controller and the will do things automatically. Soo BORING. No fighting combos, no moves, Nothing. UBISOFT, you're a big dissappointment. I was a big fan of Assassin's Creed since I've played it in PS. You can keep my money. Charity for you guys. Anyone reading this review, DON'T DOWNLOAD IT.
Please add more content , don't drop the game or the ideea ,develop around it,what about those missions from Assassin's Creed Unity you can add them in this game ;)
i love it
GG
it was very fun but controls are a little weird
Cheap run for your money but nonetheless would be a great free app. Not nearly as good as the real AC games. Get those.
why when I download it suddenly comes out by itself
its a bit glitchy when touching buttons. i wish there was more storyline. but its a good game
Good work!
nice game ever i played
i just started this game paid for it and it does not even work.. ripoff.
just the the old one
I like the are some what good
pay back my money
it is a very good game
samsung j4+ not supported makes me sad :(
awesome
good
i love it
1/5 star for just one reason. Gamepad is not well implemented. pls fix this. I bought this while on sale. great game. Just lacks free roam. Fix the gamepad issue and i'll rate it 5 star. Hope you notice me hehe
nice
Very miss leading,it states there are tons of mission's but the campaign mode is very very short,i was really confused so i paid £1:49 just to get 4 more campaign missions which took me around 30mins to complete,now all thats left to do is contracts which are just meaningless side missions,very weird campaign on this,it takes a couple of hours and its all done yet there is so much gear for you to purchase but without campaign missions to do is all just meaningless
good
i couldnt even play it and my refund option is now gone tf is wrong with you i want my money back
I uninstalled and now my account is gone
make new level without purchasing.
not enough campaigns but otherwise the funnest game I've ever played
This game is great i love how it is just like the real games but i just wish there was a free roaming around mode and also you cannot jump off buildings and kill but other than that this game is great i would really hope if you would fix this
not bad for phone game
it doesn't work when I try play the game
Great
This is one of the best mobile games ever and no one can say it isn't i cant stop playing.😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😁😁😁😁😁😀😀😀😀😆😆😆😆😆😋😋😋😋😋😊😊😊😊😊🤗🤗🤗🤗🤩🤩🤩🤩☺️☺️🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🐵🐵🐵🐵🐱🐱🐈🐈🐈
this game is legit I just beat the crow one and so far this is one of the best games and things I ever spent my money on.
to much time to wait the fail download
awesome
I need a refund asap! I did not want this game period.
very good
not good.spending aftet Rs.150/- game not starting .ir shows only low memory of device even 3gb is free on my mobile
Need more Assassin's Creed games for mobile!. Right joystick camera bit weird! I don't like how it works
Great Game
gamepad setting are all messed up I cant move camera, attack button should not be A on the xbox controller considering I've played the assassins creed franchise alot I would've thought the game pad would've been the same layout as if it were on a game console, but on the other hand it so far is a good game with great graphics, but the game pad layout and some of the features either dont work and or the button layout is all wack for the controller option
Best Assassin's Creed Games for Mobile!!!! please Improve and Add more Parkour like PC games!!!!!
i am rating because i bought it and playing. my question us why didn't the developers of this game ever reply to the comments and complaints given?
I used to hate it that I can't play Assassin's Creed when I go to school.But hey,Ubisoft just slap us by giving us a game that is similar to the pc and console version!So I am very happy that they thought about us (unlike EA).
Game does not sync between devices. Game pad control mapping in backward and cannot be changed.
Its assassinastic!!!
good but does not work with my game pad
not fun on phone
Amazing real experince of assassin's creed.
Paid for two chapters but it has less missions please add more missions and events to get outfits otherwise good work
Whenever you feel awful at game development, just remember Assassin's Creed Identity that doesn't cloud-save your data.
Can i get a refund back because my game is alway crush and my game progress is alway loss.
awesome game i loved it
Good game but Fix the game pad settings, I'm using a gamepad but no buttons will work even tho it has an option for that Hope you fix it this is a really good game
could u please support gamesir t1 controllers
Not working
I have a bigger phone with a wider display and the the came cuts out a but were my navigation bar would be, can this he fixed?
Although beautiful and detailed in level design the game suffers from an uninteresting short story and short missions. The game is also made with an overwhelming amount of micro transactions, for gear, weapons, armor, boosts and more. I would lie though if I said that I didn't enjoy playing this game and that I would like to see more of it, or more like it, in the future. Also, probably too much to ask for but the game being open world would also be a nice addition to the game.
wicked overall
very good graphips.but pls do reduce the size of the game
in real game you can just run from middle of combat meanwhile in this game there is a cooldown to run from combat like what the heck?
Too much lag ,usless timespend ,mb spend
your game was very interesting but you should add new mission in game update your game
Best game everrr
GIVE BACK MY MONEY IF YOU DON'T SET CLOUD DATA
Good gameplay
Awesome
I really like this game. A lot. But the additional download is way to big and downloads onto my internal storage instead of my sd. if u fix i will rate 5 stars. thanks.
Initially I rated 5 stars..after 2 years I will change it to 1 star.The devs removed cloud save from logging to facebook.
sensational
I downloaded the game and moved it to my SD card, but it says I have no space yet I have a ton.
I lost my save data. What happened? Everytime I clos the apps and then open it again, it always start from the beginning.
Is a realy cool assaisans creed game for mobole and a realy cool game in genarlly I cant suggest it any less then the other assassins creed game
I can't upload my previous accounts progress :(
this game gets a lot of hate but I'm a big assassin creeds fan and I like the game
saare AC creed khele hai ye sabse kharab or kachra tha
Graphically what you'd expect from a Creed game. A few glitches and the game resets if I use my phone cleaner. Controls are a bit difficult to master but overall well worth a couple of quid.
I HAVE A NICE WIFI REFUND MY MONEY.....OR I'LL SEE WHAT I CAN DO THIS GAME IS A WASTE I AM ASKING FOR REFUND FOR A LONG TIME AND THIS IS IT
best action game....we need black pearl on mobile game.. please think it ...😋😋😋
Long story short, after reinstalling game, reset device, everything is lost including purchases. Support doesn't help. Save your time!! v.2 Update Support does help however partially, but don't reinstall game your character will be lost. Graphics good. Controls at lower levels not critical but at the highest level can serve you a sabotaje because every move is critical and in the right moment, a wrong move and you dead or fail the mission. Not P2W game even if inside they have shop.
Great game!! Good graphics! Fun unique ganeplay!!
This game is very bad optimized,boring and repetitive. Why do we need internet connection for a singleplayer game?
its great as what has to do with gameplay but its too short
I was getting into the game, then I cleaned my phone, like I normally do, and it will delete your character. Then you have to start all over again. why is this the only game I encountered that does this.
I keep losing my progress randomly (Poco F1) and sometimes it freezes while "Synchronizing with the Animus"
ASSASSINATION😎
bad game
Pretty good I judt wish there was a open world assassins creed game for phone
Best game on Android.
good game
great game...just wish there would be more missions and pls make it free..
Please add support for 60fps on high end devices.
After purchasing and downloading all data file needed to play this game it Always Force Close. My Device Spec: Octa Core MT6595 PowerVR Rogue G6200 3Gb Ram 32Gb Rom Edited: Now I can play the game without any problem. Thank you for Fixing the issue.
cool
cool
I completed the 10 levels of assassin creed identity but every time I open my game it restart from the beginning level 1 and the game maker aren't helping me😠😠😠😠
it wont give me a refund
is there controller support?
the game always gets me back at the beginning it wont save the file whenever i exit the game it always get puts me right back at the start
did not even get to play because my phone storage was full
did not work waste of money i want a refund worst game ever
This is awsome
i had completed the many mission but again it start from the beginning
want refund
The graphics and gameplay is very nice. I gave it 4 stars cause my controller doesn't work with it. I am using mocute and ipega BT controller
😁
excellent
this game is very cool and best for all of you guy to play this game. Please download this game.
it's a alright game.
Amazing...
Really really disappointed,i feel cheated bcos de game wont even start it keeps downloading abt 1.3gb additional content at a very slower pace. i feel cheated cos dis game costed money and i dont even get to play it
controls are awful camera angle sucks never work like as supposed to work. Details are not good . no tutotorials for new guys you have to find everything on your own.
ok so let me just say i really love the assassin's Creed games in general but heres my issue like i think its kind of stupid to charge money for a game then make us be connected to internet to play it and there is no free roam around any city just a small place u can run around in i enjoy the endless fights and The parkour so i was kinda disappointed with this and the controls r awful but if u don't mind those issues then its a great game and the graphics aren't that bad sorry if i offended
Nice high quality graphics, amazing gameplays, awesome storymodes, nice mission. Its fabulous and just awesome.
love assassins creed since it debuted but why cant i play offline for a game i paid for?!? unfair,unfair i say! we should keep what you kill like riddick says. update for offline as well then i can post 5 mics....
good
cause no more action and so difficult to control
bad
good game, just takes ages to load
The only issue is the connection problem.
really good apo
big fan of assassin's Creed
decent mobile assassins
good
does not connect
love it
the best game ever
The game is good. Good Controls and the game is How I expected it to be.
This game is pretty bland. I expected more. The tutorials should also adjust for the gamepad accordingly. Instead of me guessing at the controls. Requested a refund.
Trash it took my purchase
I bought this game years ago and now I have to buy it again?
Amazing
Upgrade the grapics thats all
I love the sound and the movement in this game hopefully it gets updated
Goooooood
Loveing the experience of the game, tbh! But the only thing I hate about it is that is kills my phone battery pretty quickly and the controls are pretty bad.. Until you get the hang of it, Other than that is game is lit!
it's a fun game but after getting a new phone there was no option to restore my account anywhere and when I asked customer support they said they removed Facebook and there's no way I can get it back and I have to start all over again. The worst part is they never told me why they removed Facebook and i couldn't find any update about it. That alone is why I don't plan on playing this game anymore. If you could bring the option to use facebook back that would be great.
Unable to start game struck at start screen after news feed.
I finished it then the next day I went on it all reset like I never played before. Please fix! BTW I'm using a Lenovo Tab 4 10 Plus
Why game want also 1300mb data every time please fix it
Bought a game which doesn't connect for a s8 plus. Sleek game, well done lads!
It's a very good game but there are bugs like pigs
and just like that all my progress are gone....need to reset the game again and again... do something...or better..i want a refund
ERROR LOGGED IN
It wont let me download the second part
Super game very high graphics no lag issue
Nice game
Super
how to make counter attack?
The app is coming 75% on my screen
Why does it download an update of ~2GB almost daily? Such a waste of data. unplayable. Requesting to process a refund or fix this behavior. Thank you.
Great game if you're a fan of a loading screen. Seriously, I've never made it past the "connecting" loading screen..
Untuk game android, ini luar biasa. Berbeda dengan game-game lain. Trus tingkatkan dan coba perbaiki munculnya error yang sedikit mengganggu
I think its really cool having a assassin's creed game on mobile
Depois de ter jogado bastante e estar num nível avançado o jogo começou do zero e perdi todos os avanços que já tinha feito.
Nothing challenging..only for simple pastime
Love it
Great game one of my favorite
the game is good should have been better burned like the game I give this 5 stars and I hope that there's going to be a multiplayer option in the very future
Its a great mobile game but i would like more events and a bigger variety of ways to earn gold and points so you can buy outfits and other stuff from the shop
Why does my game keep taking a ridiculously long time to do the thousand MB connection load?
Saves disappear when you re install. They take money and cant xloud save my game data.
this game very bad if u have no internet u cant play
Beautiful game cause it reminds me of when i wanna take my anger out on the guys
This game is awesome there may not be freeroam but its out standing bc it feels like assassin's Creed
Best game in the whole Universe
Bleech
Nice missions
Why are we have to restart every day 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡!!!
Great game controls a lil tuchy its one of the best gamss i hVe played in awhile keep up the good work
Well i have decided to bring this back after a year, And i did not regret it!! I waited long so it can be updated...Great Game Ubi!!
I'd like a refund it wouldnt play and kept crashing
Good experience but only for two stage plz add more stage
Really cool, when it works. Crashes frequently im afraid. Its a real shame, I'm reinstalling today because I don't want to waste my money and the game honestly seems so worth while so im going to try and figure out why it keeps crashing myself, there is a chance its a storage problem on my phone but I'm so not sure
Great
Oof let me just say it is not the best game ever the grapics is ok but the controls is not good i have assassin' creed 3 remasterd i love that game it has the best story line . the grapics is amazing there are 2 story 1 cooner and alina sorry forgot there names so sorry ubisoft you are better with consoles but good try maybe you can make it better good luk ubisoft
Idiots game
Good.. but add more storyline. This game so cringe
What is the size of this game can anyone please tell me
Very rost app, only time west....
great game
needs to be offline but everything other is ok.
exceptionally fun
It's a fun game but every time i quit the game it restart the game data and i can't even load my saved files. It suck because i have a lot of good items and the fact that i have to play the same missions over and over everytime the data restart. Please fix this. Also, the graphic is almost looks the same as in xbox & ps4
please Ubisoft, why u still add the price for new mission ?? i think i already buy this game and i will get for full version for the mission. sorry i give u 3 star, i hope u understand.
error
cool, nice, hard and absolutely a time killer but would u mind to make it cheaper lol
In good keeping with series. controls can be a little wonky at times
Pls pls pls fix the controller support it's only work for the movement only !!!!! PLS FIX IT
game stuck on black screen and wont start
waste game please don't waste your time and money
please unlock to 60 fps to be available for higher end devices my gpu usage is only 16 %
I love the game but i don't like that when you look up the game makes you look down and when you look down the game makes you look up please change this thank you.
asesome
Can't open on samsung galaxy j1 ace and i can't get refund
i own all console ac games and this by far the best mobile app for ac it is just like playing one of the console games
please make this game as a open world game, and give it a very good story like assassin's creed 1, 2 & 3.. and give option to recover my old account in this game.. this game could be the best game
Great graphics and other things fun to play
disgusting game with disgusting controls and even more terrible battles
I wasn't very satisfied and I want a refund i want my money to spend on another game
i lost my data and restarted the game more than 5 times.
great game Love it Ubisoft
i hate this game its not working yet please dont download this game and solve this problem then I play this game
not getting a good outfit soon, have to play with the boring stock outfit , normal outfits are so costly
Unacceptable The game downloads tons of data and it says that I have a full storage even though I have enough storage for at least 3 games with high size.
it takes too much space between the files
Download app but could not access as just kept telling me there was an error and directed me to its twitter page. very disappointed
there are so many bugs in game like game story is restarting sometimeswhen we restart the game it's taking a lot of time to connect game is occuping a lot of internal space
I cannot open this game
my
awesome game
Finicky controls, but for a mobile game, it's pretty good. I love being able to play when I'm out and about, but it is a story-lead game -no side quests or open world- which is fair as it's only so big. It also uses a lot of battery, so be careful playing it without a charger nearby. As for the missions, they are short and sweet. I usually hate replaying AC missions if I miss something, but as most here are less than 10m long, it means I can get 100% without worry.
problem downloading data...please fix it..wasting my time & my money...
This is the kind of gameplay worth the 2 dollars you pay, and the in app purchases are reasonable. The graphics are remastered from ac2 and brotherhood, so they look very good for a mobile game.
love Assassin's creed. not only on my phone but on x box. my favorat all time game. I have to much passion for this game to write it all. great story lines, missions, characters, graphics you will not realize the time go by when your in the game. awesome game
I just downloaded but it doesn't work, it says that there is an error 6006, what happens? I bought it!!!!!!!!!
i love Assassin's Creed I've played every game and this is so much fun
bad game
nice
👊🔪🔪🔫🔫
good one bro
I like Assassin's Creed Identity. it is pretty cool. It kinda takes you back to the time of the Renaissance. the only reason I did not rate 5 stars was because of the camera movement. I was playing storm of the crows and when I tried to look at the crow boss in the haystack it would not let me. if you can fix that I will delete the game, reinstall it, and rate it five stars. Also, can you maybe add a third level to the game? it is is kind of boring. And can you make the 2nd purchase one time?
not full screen in mi mix 3
need more story
great game it would be better if you could freely explore like in the console games. give more freedom
I loooooooove it alot ❤️
Can you please give us a option to put the file data through my External card thank you 👍
Really enthralling gameplay in a wonderful environment. One of the best games I've played.
good game when it works and doesn't keep on crashing
Now it works great.
The mechanics and graphics are really outdated compared to some other mobile games these days...
I already buy this game.. and now I have to pay for it again
Is a good game need make a versus mode o more maps and this game is gonna make awesome more actualizations the last when. in october 2018 lol
good
the game is not loading keep getting an error code
i paid u.... and u say it has adds??? seriously???
i put the game one full day and doesn't worked
said retry and it wont start
fix the bug that doesnt save my progress n ill be happy to give u 5stars other than that the game is cool i guess as i didnt ever reach anywhere good in it
takes forever
cant belive i downloaded this, half the time the controls dont work, looking around is difficult since its inverted, i want a refund, there isnt any free roam like good assassins creeds, its assassinate this or that, complete utter trash, i want a refund
It is really good. Graphics are decent. Game controls are well placed. Running smoothly. But progress is not being saved and the game starts again from the beginning after 2 to 3 days of inactivity. Please check this issue
this game is very nice but i dont know how to save the game. please help me
It's the best in the world the characters are amazing
My phone has over 1gb of space free yet it keeps telling me my storage is full. tried fixes, doesn't work. Very disappointed.
my storage was full😔
Assassin's Creed Identity is a decent game. The graphics are mediocre for a mobile game, the gameplay lacks in some areas but holds up well, there aren't a lot of weapons, the map is good and well detailed but the story isn't great at all.
good quality game for me
The game doesn't starts
full of bugs, game will start only at 2nd or 3rd tryout... every time I finish a mission I get synchronisation failed...
i love
Me & My dad would play Assassins Creed and talk about it almost all day, we love some Assassins Creed Name: Identity, cool 2 things: graphics and fighting.👊💥, still cool is their any LIVE EVENTS or anything, instead of A.I fix those things I'll give y'all the fifth star⭐⭐⭐⭐🌟
best open world mobile game
I mean besides the short campaign and then the 5 dollar couple of missions. This game gets quite boring fast.. It's fun to play just to kill time, but I mean no more campaign missions? Just contracts...
well I reinstalled the game and I lost all my progress, I had completed it almost 100%, i had the outfit that costs 7500 hero tokens, I had completed all missions
Very bad game wasted all my time updating and now I can't even refund this. Worst assassin's creed game experience. I have played all others including pc, psp and mobile ac pirates
The first thing that happened was that I couldn't even get in the GAME. I tried and then it said sorry this game isn't working, I tried to refund it but I was out of time.
I just gave it a 5 star because i want attention i want a refund
I have saved my game data for days, then, just now, it was restarted, like literally, everything i have collected is gone to dust, no, i dont clear the storage memory
I bought the game .downloaded it. and then couldn't play it.it keeps saying that it's connecting. but never does. on that note it doesn't even deserve one star. I will be waiting for your response developers.
works fine at first but after i close the app the first time and reopen it, none of the menu buttons work and im unable to play. uninstalled and reinstalled and had the same problem. waste of money I'll likely not get back.
its doesnt have good graphics please fix because i want to play more
its a mini game didnt know i had to keep buying new campaigns
its one of the best games ive ever played
That's amazing
Wonderful game. An online feature would be nice
Good Game,Just hate the fact that i need internet
The game is amazing but It downloads new data which is 1.7GB every 3rd time or so and exhausts my mobile data. I need a fix for this as what's the point in purchasing the game if this is the issue...need a bug fix
love the game wish there was more assassin missions and not just contracts
There is no new update from since 1 year. please add new featurs waiting for update. overall good game. best graphics 👍🏼
it was okay. but yall honestly half assed this game. ive been a fan of the franchise since the beginning and this just makes it look bad. controls are terrible, player choices are so basic and few in between that its a joke. like i know its a phone game but honestly it was worth the measly 2 bucks and its deffinetley not worth any ingame purchases
awsome
It always says error and I don't like it pls fix it and it was a waste of money then I'll like my money back
Just Wow.
I played for awhile but then it got more boring and more boring. I tried to get a refund but there is no refund button can I refund this. I PAID MY MONEY FOR THIS DAMN GAME SO I HAVE THE RIGHT TO GET MY DAMN MONEY BACK
I confirm the 1700mb BS. Why, what is that for? buy, install once and play. I don't want a game that is constantly installing whenever i want to play it.
very bad game is game is not open only fake,
Just terrible. Waste of money.
great
Now ive understood why the rating of this game is very low.... If you want to buy this game then you are going to loose time and money... after uninstalling and installing in a new device you will loose your whole progress of the game and also purchases that you have made before.. such a waste....if you contact the support through mail then they ask us to send the screenshots of the purchases and even if you send them what they want then they will stop responding to your mails..worst experience👎
The Game is all Amazing better than i expected But there is one problem Every 2nd day It is asking for download which is of 1718MB Saying Downloading New Data But i don't see anything new. Kindly Fix it soon...So i can enjoy More!!
Best Assassins creed game ever
i love this game.......best graphics,joystick,mission and gameplay......i gave 5 stars ★★★★★
A game worth the money! I love the game a lot! however, if you guys could disable tap to move, it would be really good! also devs looking forward to more updates for this game! it has a lot of potential! I love this game a lot! please don't let it die ❤️❤️
I like the game alot I always been a fan of assassin creed 👍👍👍👍👍
love this game what the graphics
its good but dificult with fighting
nd ko sya ma open
havent been able to make it very far ive installed it twice and the top half of my screen is nothing but a purple glitch during game play. all other screens are fine. not upset about the glitch, glitches happen it was only 2 bucks but its dissapointingnot to be able to see what the game has to offer
I would like a refund this game isnt fun at all
this game is not saving my data.... everytime i take the game to play it starts from the beginning.... i have spent money to buy this game from playstore and its not what we expect ....
badass
I was excited to have AC on the go. Its not too bad but could have been better with better parkour control and perhaps a sandbox free roam that AC is very well known for
Am mad at this game first of all I cant even play it cause it gives a error thing and second of all I can't refund my money😤 (poor)
I love this game
I had purchased forli story campaign. But it showing again to purchase when I reinstalled game.... please have a look over it.
downloaded. had error 3 times to start for the furst time. asked for a refund.
alot
Just what in tar nation did I just play? This is not an Assassin's Creed game. Hell, this is not even an Assassin's Creed demo. The content (the extra, PAID stuff - or DLC - included) will last you a few hours tops. You're always on rails, because who wants open worlds? The game holds your hand through it all because who doesn't love a 3 hour long tutorial and then end credits? Spend your money on Crashlands or Stardew Valley or LIMBO or literally any other brilliant game. Just don't buy this.
good game good graphics
good graphic and game
working now perfectly.. but very short on story.. they should work that out to make it more immersive..
can we please hav a update some time
good ac for mobile better than rebellion
best game only problem no cloud save
i just played it first time now its not working.what the hell it takes my 2 Gb data. bugs update your game asap
I can't get my refund
very nice game... although with the price you only unlock about 12 hours of original gameplay... you are allowed to keep playing the same 3 cities again... or you can pay for another city... not sure how many cities you have to pay for before you can play the entire game ... would be nice to know how much the whole game will cost to play till the end upfront... I don't like companies with hidden fees... that said it was enjoyable 12 hours for my R40
awsome
good
supergame
i need a refund please Thanks! i really i love it but Please i need a Refund
i didn't want this game but it charged me for the game and i didn't buy it play can i get a refund
I barely bought it and everytime i download it I enter and it immediately freezes
It doesn't want to download the rest of the, extra files
****** I am deeply impressed, I would give it 6 stars. I have not played the original game, so I can't compare it. I wasn't aware that there are phone games with this level of graphics. When I saw the number of overall stars for the game I was unsure, but playing I was very impressed. It seems that most of the bad reviews are based on bugs that people have experienced with the game rather than the game itself. I have encountered some small bugs, but otherwise I have found it works very well.
awesome
Immersive game!
refund my money now
Trash controls, impossible missions, and tedious gameplay. Thoroughly hated the entire experience and got so frustrated I broke my stylus.
don't download this gàme
one of my favourites
ayaw gumana. sayang ang payment
It's not working on my phone
worst app i downloaded it yesterday an additional data of 1800 mb but another day it again starts downloading i want my google play credits back which i have spent on this game
Edit: Past review was user error.
savage
paid installed played for an hour now all it says is error something went wrong and wont load the game.. waste of money tried talking to support and they were rude and absolutely no bloody help this is a scam
I've lost my assassin . I paid for the costumes, the forli campaign, then after a month i didnt play, i lost every thing. Please help me to regain it
Good game if you never plan on changing your phone. Lost all my progress because they removed the option to recover backup data which I had purchased the DLC on.
Not playable on my Essential PH-1 running Android 9 (5.7" screen). Lags a lot and overheats very quickly. Please fix.
Thery glitching while playing!!! did pay did send you a report with a screen shot fix it and I will add more stars
Nice game but we need an update to save the progress!
The game downloads data every time it is opened, which is a serious bummer, considering the quality of the game. The game sometimes fails to connect with the server and takes a lot of tries before synching. Could you kindly check and fix them? These shortcomings aren't acceptable given the price of the game.
it is a good game
I am stuck on the first page it says connecting, but later it pop ups as error ,please help me with this other wise I need my refund
It's very good game but I don't know how to play freeroam gameplay please help me!
สำหรับคนที่ว่าเกมนะครับ ดูกราฟฟิกเกมด้วยคับก่อนมาว่า มือถือคุณแรงแค่ใหน กราฟฟิกแทบเทียบเท่า PC แรงๆเครื่องนึงเลยคับ ส่วนตัวใช้ Xperia Z2 คับ เล่นได้สบาย ยังไม่มีตังซื้อ Z5 อิอิ
Doesn't work.
i can play whenever now
yeet
it's not great but not completely terrible. Gamepad Compatible:Yes Offline:No
Campaign is pretty short
this is just made for earning money rather than giving users a good experience.Earnng money is not wrong, but once you buy this game, you have to buy new missions in story line to continue playing .This is really cheating the customers.
Won't even get passed the first loading screen
You dont even attack u attack after u have like half health. 2019 update- Thank u for fixing the controls. i dont have any issue atm
this is an amazing game! I feel like I am assassin sneaking around, and character development is pretty good for a mobile game. missions pull in, and make me feel the part. all together I am well pleased
PLEASE update this game. This game has had trouble working with almost every major controller, and it doesn't support newer screen aspect ratios or notched displays like so many of your other games do.
Great game. I'm hooked.
worst game no back up it all opening from the starting resolve the problem as early as possible
there is no story & voice in the game
It's a great game. It is a very good adaptation of the PC game Assasin's Creed. Touch controls are not good or it's not clear how they are defined (move/look control). Fortunately, it has gamepad support.
it's ok but soon becomes a bit boring , but not a mess game
Para todos los que digan que les pasa un error es por que el juego toma 2 GB
lost progress level
your game is like shut if we put our hand in it our hand get dirty
it is badass
I guess the game is decent, i do dislike the level system, and wish it was all implemented into an open world game. the camera stick is located in a very small space, so looking around sometimes moves you. it's a gorgeous game none the less, just not for me.
if i could give a game no stars this would be it! graphics are trash. gameplay sucks. the game is nothing like it looks like in the picture. game absolutely sucks!! I demand a refund.
Amazing absolutely fantastic
best game for Android
good
stupid game
maranam
love it
I like the game but I've bought Forli DLC 2 or 3 times and it won't recover after losing save data after reinstall.
Game fails to load. Error message. No response from company. SCAM
mostly good, but the flee timer is stupid. a huge point of assassin's creed games is running, fleeing, evading, and hiding. having a cool down timer before you're able to flee is just ridiculous, especially when on missions where you can't kill any guards and the waypoints FORCE you to become exposed. so far, that is my only major complaint. graphics and gameplay are great for a mobile game, controls are fair, not as intuitive as PC or console, but that's to be expected.
Please no required internet connection
😡😡
wow i did a purchase for the dlc back then so now i download it back i start new character and my dlc was not there
this app is quite slow to download
don't download it's says error try agin and my Wi-Fi is working
Worst game ever i want my refund
just make all the other assassin creed games then ur the best game makers also make assassins creed freed cry I would rlly appreciate that u guys make awesome games my favorite is this game the developer is amazing and we love ur games and I do to what such great game u are the best developer in the hole entire app store u are brilliant developers u should also make some basketball games to that would be amazing to what a great developer developer we all all love ur games cool developer.......😎
i need refund
i didn't want this game but it refuses to refund my money
Should make the in app purchases cheaper and add more content other than that it is a great game.
It's an excellent game. Overall it's good, but it doesn't save my progress. What's the use of playing when you can't save the missions you've finished. I hope they can fix this right away or i'll just have to get my money back.
hi developer can you please my money back i accendtly purchase this game plsss i need that money plsssss
One of the best Mobile game i ever played
best action game ever .. I really like it soo much
cool game but can you plz make the game offline why does it need connectivity to run? I will give 5 stars if you make it offline
Good
How do I get my money back after buying this application?
Can u make the game fit for MI9T or REDMIK20PRO? the game only half screen of my phone only 😂😂😂 thx a lot
Pls make it offline
its nice to have this on mobile , was really hoping it was like the one from ps vita but theys no real story kinda disappointing , i would pay fair money for a real AAA experience on mobile im sure phones could cope.
great game absoulutely love it nothing wrong with it that ive found yet great game play love it alot
awsome game don.t really like story but its a awsome
good game but the building scaling is a little clonky
this is a very good game but could you please add an open world
i hated this game but now i love it plz downlaod
internet or data or wifi required witch honestly it's not cool after you buy it and live in the middle of no were . fix and I'll make it 5
GREAT GAME BUT HOPE YOU CAN ADD MULTIPLAYER MODE SO THIS GAME COULD BE MORE ATTRACTIVE
I loved the game. There's something for every age im this game. I with the was a free mode. so we can freely move around the map
boring, terrible graphics, constant errors, missions take like two minutes to complete and are generally just stupid escort missions. gimme my money back
The game is good but need some more campaign stage
would give 4.5 stars if didnt have so many problems with loading and having to retry
i love this game bruh
i played it and passed my time very successfully
If you enjoyed brotherhood like I did, you will love this game!
downloaded it and still haven't played it. has to download additional data and it keeps freezing
not working. Refund please
it was good
fun game, emulates the experience better than I thought it ever would. I would appreciate more diversity in character customization, though, including maybe race/gender customization and maybe even the ability to edit faces and hair. other than that, I'm enjoying it quite a lot!
gg
fun game
Amazing
Game contains various missions and it's fun and challenging, graphics are good for an Android phone and game is smooth I think the game is worth the money I love this game hands down the best assassin game in android
awesome gameplay
Changing my past review, I just want to say that after getting farther into the game I have nothing but positive feedback😁. I love it and hope to see more full Assassins Creed "Android" spinoffs!!!!👍(Not free to play though, one time purchase and other in app like this one)
good game
really bad game, i can't save my game data the animation was suck and the music was copied from another ac game
the games is still fun but add an option to change the graphics show armor and make it free roam
Ddoesn't work with controller. otherwise its a beautiful game. I HATE on screen controls and thus, won't bither with it.
waste of money , takes 20 mins to download and connect every time you want to play , I had to delete it.
worst game after crossing 5 or 6 level it automatically starts a new game...dont purchase it only waste of money
i cant play want i go into the game it loading but after the resoues download done it loading so long i waited for 30min still loading
I love it
ive would've give it 5 stars but the thing i dont like is that you only get explore the world when doing mission i wish they added a feature where you can explore and roam with enemys too and not the mission if that happens i would be so happy but other than that evrything else is cool
si pudiera poner 0 estrellas lo haria
so fun , mad adventures
this game is the best
This game (and the discount) deserves a 5 star rating I guess.. It's not easy to make a video game.. So I think the developer deserves a 5 star (again, thanks for the discount) btw, can I log in with Google Play?
Neat game play!
i like. this. game
everything is lost in my game. its just restart from the beginning
Excellent
ohk but controls gib me cancur
just a money grab. boring. pointless.
im at level 11 and im a little frustraited about not having a ship or going on the water in a boat or ....? Besides that, i love this game.
Heyyo, it's really impressive what they've managed to build for mobile with this game, but the gamepad support could use improvements. My ipega classic gamepad works perfectly with other games like Minecraft and anything by Rockstar Games (such as the Grand Theft Auto series) but on AC Identity? only the movement joystick works... the rest doesn't and it still shows the on screen button overlays and the menus don't work with my gamepad.
no comment simply waste 😒
i like it💓
yes love assinass game fan Old times they were
This version of assassin's creed is rediculous
This is definitely worth buying good controls and perfect gameplay but there's is one big issue if you revive yourself ind combat or knock out enemy so you can escape if you hide in a nearby haystack you can't do anything anymore
I need to refund the money game not supported.
As others have said, this game is a remarkably faithful adaptation of the console versions. Where it differs only makes it better as a mobile game. None of the hurry up and wait of other games these days, with the same rich stories you've come to expect from the series. It's my new favorite.
Not bad its just my data was lost and idk how to get it back. it prob cuz i played it in 2017.
wonder
you only need to add a crouch botton
This is top notch. I just want to be able to use an external controller with this game now
ammazing
this sucks
Good game. It would be nice of they add free roam. More Campaign levels
could you please do a update so xbix one s controller is fully compatable as i can run anout but no other button works please fix this
Do not hear what they say, this game is fine the way it is, they are just salty that they can't even pass the tutorial.
I have downloaded the game but it is always downloading and showing connecting to servers please fix this
The gameplay is great, and the controls work well for a mobile game. The problem is with the constant connection failures over both data and wifi. If those bugs are fixed, I'd be willing to reinstall and play it again.
bad game
i paid for this game but it only keep connecting all over the time. i can't play this game. Why ?
Amazing!!!  A little bugs and lag but it is amazing!
my character and all the other characters are black
it's a great mobile game. The graphics remind me of assassins creed 2 and the graphics are outstanding for a mobile game. Overall a pretty decent game.
the game only displayed almost half of the screen, please fix this.
Arkadaşlar sakın indirmeyin iğrenç paranızı çöpe atmaktan başka birşey değil 13 tl niz bu oyuna değmeyecek kadar değerli zaten serbest dolaşma moduda yok onun için almak isteyen arkadaşlar boşuna heveslenmeyin
don't buy! waste of money
very outstanding game
very nice game my favorite...
loved it
This assassin's is a great game ever! But I'm didn't satisfies why the button is not right? I guess you gonna fix the button.. please I'm like your game and I wanna play it until end
u need to buy pack to play new story line and its not that fun their is no feel graphics are not that dense enough
great graphics! great gameplay so far! can already tell this will be a great game!!
Great Assassin's Creed game. Could do with some connection fix.
This is a great opportunity for me to be able to play the game
games a bit lackluster repetitive quests and when you finish the set of quests you start with youre required to pat for more
Everything you would expect Assassin's Creed to be!
I git sone achievements without satisfying the criteria and the movement is hard to control.
Refund... Spinning Wheel of Death... Game never connected.
the game is so good the ghraphec is graet it didi'n have any lage
best assassins creed game on Android 🙏
the graphies i want my money
loading
I want my money back if yall can't fix this game. horrible..
does not load fix it
error in downloading
I honestly couldn't be happier playing a game from 2015 that's just as good (passably) as the console versions. also pro tip for those getting error messages in game, just try the action again and it should go through.
Fantastic experience and awesome game but it always demand money.....
great graphics and great game play. one of the most enjoyable games in the play store. can be used with Bluetooth game pad for better game play experience.
can you fix the bug because everytime i try to play it with good internet connection it say "try again"
worst game ever not even refunding money not working my money is wasted all over
how do I refund my cash
Great Graphics & Gameplay Need better control
I like assassin creed but make this game a open world game then i will rate 5 stars cuz all you do is mission's it is really boring😑😑😑
This game should be removed from goggle play. Downloaded the game year ago, tried again now but still can't see improvement only to show the endless connecting on my screen, i hate the devs here that even before they don't make actions or updates to make an improvements on the game, i only paid this game for nothing, don't be a victim like me and the other's guys, i love AC but only this one tried everything to run the game but it's hopeless and a waste of time.
on point but more options freedom and maybe online play
Great game for the smartphone
I'm unable to download the game. The file is 1753 mb but it won't download. Is there some trick to this?
Finally Can Play Assassins Creed On The Go With Addictive Gameplay To Match,No Matter Where I Go I Can Have A Core AC Experience At The Palm Of My Hands And On My Phone Its Very Fluid And Breathtaking,Thank You Ubisoft!!
How to do full screen on galaxy S9 plus? Someone can help me???
trash games i thought this game was something like assassin's creed bloodline but no it is not , it is just a trash game
i have bought package of ibn something and never got it but the payment is done as per the bank message
good but not offline but goood grapics
The game does not work. Error 6002. Waste of money. They also do not have option for refund like other apps. Please refund me.
good gaming
Pls makr more levels and a open world simulator
games fun but not much of an open world as I was expecting. you just pick a mission and do it from the main menu pretty much. I was hoping like it is as the PC or console version. where you can explore the world and have cutscenes and stuff.
Not enough variety. The contracts are repetetive. The maps ate the same. You have to buy the game and then have to buy the next campaign? F that
I LIKE THIS GAME
Major screen issue, half the screen is literally out of it, glitches like crazy. You guys really need to fix this issue especially for those who already purchase the game and can't get back a refund, it's kind of a rip off.
back my money pls :((((((
best I've ever played.
damn this game is good but it doesnt like i though it is gonna be i thought that this game is open world but it good play this game guys.
won't work all I get is a endless connecting screen
fantastic
doesnt load
not as pc version
nice
Please add more updates i.e. gears, outfits & storyline from Assassin Creed 1,2,3,4 and new areas.In this way it will be more exciting and good experience to us. Please kindly Check tis request. Thank You
i have more than 2gb storage and it says storage full error 6010.horrible experience.
No option to backup data. I searched the internet looking for a way to save my game/purchases and everything points to connecting through facebook with a button that does not exist in this version. Do not download since you will have to restart everytime you want to play and will lose money on items you will have to repurchase every time you change your phone.
Loved the Assassins Creed game franchise and I liked this mobile version. The controls and the camera were a bit to work with but I liked the gameplay. Could add more campaigns instead of just two.
Initial loading is rather slow. Takes like 5 minutes. Then addiitional download of 1.7GB. Sometimes syncing with Animus causes error message. But retry a couple of times will be OK. Very close to the actual gameplay. Using Samsung Tab S5e to play.
add an option to play offline. uninstalling for now... #NO_REGRETS #GREAT_BUY
very impressive in all fields. control pad capability is a massive plus. still a few small bugs but easy to put up with.
i want my refund it wont work always connecting.
Not bad
i cant even play the game i bought it and it said connecting but i fell asleep and i woke up and it was still saying connecting like fix the game so i can play it i love assasins creed i have every single one of them but im missing one and its this one please help me so i can play it ☹️☹️☹️😭😢
why we need to have internet access to play this game please remove this ok
🔥i love this game so much because i am a big fan of assassin's creed🔥
yeyyy
This game is good, people that are complaining about it not working then get a new phone or cear up space and if you say the game is laggy then your wrong I have a J3 and the game run smoothly so stop complaining because this is the only good assassin creed game in mobile that don't have a bunch of ads and is fake. so be grateful that they made this game which is the real thing.
not so good game, i mean with the story + gameplay is poor. I'm feeling like i wasted money rather than spent
game play and game control is sub par. A poor representation of the franchise. I can't believe Ubisoft signed off on this game. This game is boring and it blows goats. And to top it off, I lost my progress. -5 stars for this flop.
I downloaded the second phase of file which is around 1700 mb. But suddenly its again downloading 1700 mb file to start the game. Was very much exited to play this game but again its redirected to download 1700 mb game. I guess i lost my progress too. Now its going in notification and not moving forward.
Controls and everthing are great but I got completely glitched in spot only on the 2nd mission to the point I had to quit.. Great idea for a game but bad execution.. it can't be my phone this is brand new and expensive enough that it can run high quality games
awesome
Worked for a week and now all skins are pitch black . Unplayable. Emailed support for refund or fix, no response. EDIT: Fix is clear cache.
For a paid game this is a nightmare. This was last updated nearly a year ago (october of 2018). has connection issues, bad controls, no customization for layouts. I want a refund for my purchase but of course they won't do it. this game needs very major updates (fixes for the bugs) make it better devs !
its a good game
UPDATE THE GAME.
I hate this game. my data should be saved but now it's starting me from the beggining. i was already on the 2nd chapter i believe. worst waste of money. should jave gotten tmnt rooftop run
doesn't work, just says connecting constantly
waste of money......
good but black graphics of characters. i need the solution.
superb
i have played and is great so far but now when wanted to play the game restarted from the begining the money i have spend is wasted and all the saving is lost, is not possible to get back the old account is just gone
the more i play the buggier it gets. dissapointing, because it looks to have a lot of potential.
good
fix bugs i cant play
error
just abandoned the game?
excellent my son loves it he's played the whole Assassin's Creed 4 game and wishes you would bring Edwards gear into the game
nice
Boring.
absolutely horse shaaaiiittt
Dodo graphics
Well what can I say was ok now just a remanant of a failed attempt at making a console quality game.
i played my character was level up and i purchas forli's story the next day i open the game my game was reset and back to beginning and i have to purchase forli's story again good thing i continue my plan of buying the ingame coins or i will lose my money for nothing pls fix this
The controls are almost impossible and lagged like crazy on my tablet i would like a refund as it doesn't work. Otherwise it's not bad with death and fighting looks.
doesn't load, the game randomly reset, lost all of my progress
Awesome.. Best Game soo Far
You must add a Cüneyt Arkın figure
nice game nice graphics
hey what happen to my mission campaign i paid this game first and when i play and finish the first mission i need to paid again a second mission and i paid it again and then i finish a second mission but no mission available in my campaign ....pls answer me or else i gonna refund my all paid here
i purchased the game but on launching thw game it keeps showing connecting and not moving ahead..i am confused shall i opt for refund.
The game is okay but when I redownloaded the game, my in app purchases were completely gone. I bought the Italy Expansion and when I went to play through it, it said I had to pay for it AGAIN.
supper game amazing graphics
cannot open the game. Stuck at connecting server
i expected the game to be better,was very disappointed I cant even change my assassins name ffs
adorable
it's not as fun as the games on consoles and does not work on my device very well
i guess you should have a daily update like adding some new stuff.. it will make the game more fun
i like this game
Great Game
plz .. some one tell how to change my google play account onthis game plz
good
there's only 10 campaign levels wat r u supposed to do after them
A great game
superb
i love this game it is awesome , 5 🌟
Takes up to much space
the game is great. but "something went wrong" al the time..
DO NOT BUY! NOT WORTH THE MONEY AT ALLL!
the game is awesome with a.lot of easter egg easy to play graphics pretty good.
THis game is the best the misson are cool
The game can be fun but my phone isn't the best so I get really bad fps. The low fps makes the game unplayable for me. I would really like my money back but it took 2 hours to install the game so I can't.
pretty fun
I think this game was worth 2 bucks. It has good graphics and a good campaign, though its very short. I was able to finish the campaign in under 2 hours. Overall i enjoyed this game very much.
wow this game is amazing when you guys say those bad comments about it doesn't work your phone is messed up this game is incredible good job
can I play it freely? is there a freeplay in this game?
loved it but it was to short
The game is amazing and surpasses your expectations as a phone game, making me feel almost like I was playing on my console. The only problem I had was a constant glitch when making an abstergo account after the tutorial which was easily solved by reinstalling, however after waiting months for a response before finding that out I realized that ubisoft werent going to respond making me give this a 4/5 then the 5/5 it deserves.
I think that this game is really fun and it does a really good job at making a simple assassin's creed game for mobile, I would like to be able to play offline though!
Data sync takes time to load.
This game is nice, but sometimes is quite hard to control. I would give 5 stars if the control is good enough. Keep it up!
Amazing high quality stock of ur xD... But the unassigned past of the game is Russ and purchasing even though it mean alot 4 u to gain access & money...
its not connecting and game is not starting so payme back my money or fix it
it not like the real one sorry
amazing game 👌👌👌
nice job
it just says an error occurs and doesnt give me more information
this sucks i want my money back
ok
Hey i paid for this game, but my phone couldnt run it and the game crashed several times. I tried restarting my phone a few times but when i did maage to log on, the game was just laggy, the graphics were not what i was promised and the frame rate was so screwed up, that i couldnt play it. There is no mention of how much storage space your phone needs to run thia game properly or at least a guide on what phones can run this game. I DEMAND A REFUND
Kindly fix the bugs. I have downloaded the game but it does not run. It says connecting but gives an error saying "try again". No internet connection. But my internet is working the thing is everything that works on internet is working very well. If it's not fixed I just waisted my money on a paid game, I'm never gonna buy your games again.
Should support controller but it doesn't work good.
its a good games dowenloed game
it's good for mobile. If anyone finds the game unsatisfying and it doesnt feel like actual assassin's creed experience, i mean come on, it's just for mobile anyway. so dont merely judge by comparing it as if the game is meant for some high performance console like ps4. this game deserves better rating
this is real ac
has error connecting all the time ysing a J6+
Excellent!
awasome
mediocre..
Update: Went from S8 to S9+ game alot better now!!! Still the Assassin's Creed feel & storyline... Ubisoft needs to make a new one but updated for the new phones...
its horrable it dont load and takes up to much space
can i refund this game please because its nit working
Nice
the screen doesn't even response during game
very good game been fun for years
awesome
TIME KILLER !!!
u give option to enter cheat code but where are damn codes waste of money.
ok type
Sorry i don't want to buy the game please give me the 10 Rupees
Control are cool.. Please make more some level hard and put a lot of level
nice game
bkr refund my amount
not so good it's only average game
very bad game
oo😎😎
great experience playing this app..hope others enjoy it as much as i did..
I WANT THE REFUND
Good
fun.
worst controls
best brike driving app .....this is addictive...love it......and also suggest to download it and play it ......
game ini awalnya mudah dimenangkan, selanjutnya tidak mungkin dimenangkan tanpa membeli booster.
bad purchasing experience very bad controller worst game i ever purchased......
Very good game,full addiction.
Dont buy this game if you are giving 10rs because it doesn't worth for it because the button seem to be in proper position but if you want to click it you have to click at some pixal back from the button and it dont have a tutorial that how to play the game.
stunt are awosome but i am unable to do👍
good
overrated game anyway
love this game! the controls on screen need some getting used to but after that they are quite good!
plz.. refund me lt is same as free version
nice kid's game
i love game
nice
Intresting mountain bike game
bakwas
awesome
I like it
bad
love this game
it will automatically log out.. i dont like it.. but im satisfied to the game
i didt like the game its just like ride a cycle nothing else. No good graphics no nothing.
great
Very nice game but very tough also
BEST
Refund my money
Not worth for paid, waste of money
Super
It does not even download and can't even refund my money
Great overall game. Just think that it is a bit too easy
I want to get refund because it very worst plz trasfer my money in Google account now
It was 👍
Id love it if only you never lost stars when you die,REALLY annoying
Just brilliant in every aspect.
Nice but this game not support 18.9 display always pressing accidentally key bottem side .
Simple
#Best For Noobs
Amazing
Good
The game is Awesome.
Best
This game is very very funny
Bka
Nice
Cool..,,,
Its great!
Good game
Waste of money
I want this game refunds
Laura
TRASH!
Its because i keeep pressing start but it wouldnt let me in you may think that i have a bad phone but i have a A8
A nice game.....
Awesome... Game concept.. cheers to developer.
Boring game
I am not able to play the game, the game is not running only, i cant even open the introduction tab, it is non responsive. I want refund
Nice game
I paided but whh would it not open
Awesome gaming
LoL
I need my money refunded I will buy this game by mistake help me
Good
No boosters after winning levels. They have designed the app where you need to buy boosters to play further levels. Hate it.
Like this because of its graphi and style
Good game....
Suckssss
Good fun challenging game highly recommend it especially considering there is also a free version!
Nice one
Worst Games
It is best game
Nice game and very adventureous Also have great graphics and bulid quality. If you fell from cycle dont worry be a superman.😂😂
Woah the best
Nice
That's game was amazing I love it
I love this
It's amazing
Best racing game
God app
Superb
Nice graphics but price is.not 10 pice.is 100.so.don't download the.application
Like riding a real mtb....
Good
I really like this game get it now
This game is so addictive!!, cool graphics and smooth gameplay♥♥ In one word this is amazing!!!!!
Nycc
Best game
Great game for 99 cents
Good
I paid for the game,the premium version,and now it is saying that the game is not licensed.Please reply,best free games inc.Thank you
Too much good
Epic
Nice
I enjoyed
Its the bst bicycle game i ever played excellant graphics and high skills
See
Awesome game but can you separate the lean and jump button
Good game
Good
I bought a Huawei P20 lite and on this device the buttons aren't centred and the don't match the buttons on the screen! I loved the game until now!!!
My first paid game, hope it will be good
This is verifying license every time
I bought it but it says you still need a license
Seriously love this game
Gonna njy....download it
Farzy game this is not good 10 rupay only trail (????? Bakbass
very fun
I no
Overall Good Game but Let us Edit the Trick wheel
Waste of money
You don't have money to purchase this ... Download Google reward app this app give you money ...
Addactive
😘
It is good
Thanks for make this game :) . Dont forget to improve this game :)
Good👍 game
Good
Very good
Beksr you L
Garbage. Game is designed to make you pay even after you've bought it. 
Impossible requirements for 1 star on some levels.
Its not working in vivo y83
Useless game don't waste your money
I love it
Great game i wanna suggest that you should let us do barspins while on 
wheelies
mast
Ya
na
What the hell I bought the app but it is asking me to buy the game again 
when I open the gameing app it's re directing me to the play store.....fix 
this first..
Please refund my money
Bad game
nice
VvvvvvvvvNice game❤❤❤❤💛💛💚💚💓💓💓
I love this game 👌😍😮wow
Worst
Good game
Good game hope you can add more options for equipment buying
Worth the money
it is very good game very very good
It's an addictive game, but after passing a few stages I got bored. Hope 
that future versions add more variety to gameplay.
Great game great graphics fun to play I really enjoyed it ! totally worth 
the money.
Ossssssuuuuuum graphics and gameplay.... 
💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝......💝💝💝💝💝💝
Boring game.
love this game ....its really awesome to play this game ....!!!
Really awesome game
Wow is exicted
I think this the game I need..... Thanks and appreciate to the developer 
.....👍
Awesome game.
👌
Addicted game for MTB lovers
I want a refund
Tanah licak
It is nice and interesting game.
Intentionally you have made it too much difficult that people have to buy 
items... So unprofessional... Don't install this money hungry ...
Very fun MTB game, 5 Stars.
Even after paid also.. I can't download it
I like the game as it is not so huge in size and run easily.It is better 
than this type of free games.
Worth it
Great.
I uninstall the game but my money doesn't refund
Update:there has to be an alternative way to get boosters. I've nearly 
unlocked all the levels and sometimes i feel like going back to the start 
and beat my records(for which thr layer xoukd be awarded a booster). 
Review. Great physics, very colorful and vivid graphics; poor level design 
that does not really use the potential of the game and what hurts the most 
is that it lacks a tiny bit the magic (like THPS). "The neighbourhood" is 
one of the few levels that makes the game look at its best. It desperately 
needs levels with higher jumps that would enable us to perform multiple 
combos. The controls feel slightly too sensitive at times, but after some 
practise, you get the hang of it. A unique and quality game that has a room 
for improvement and needs a soft touch of the developer.
The control just sucks waste of money and time.
This is best
Thanks for your work
Hey developers i buy this app and this will happen!!! I dont let that fix 
this app i play this and it tell you didnt have license fix this app asap
But.. there is hang in this game...to y phone of 3 GB ram
it's definitely not worth paying for the controls don't really work and 
when you use the special little boosters they give you they don't do 
anything I can get the same thing from any of the free mountain bike games
Haaaaa dayummmmmm
The game is decent And it's just a little hard
This is the best cycling game ever. It's just awesome for the price. Loved 
it.
poor service and no refund option for this game
Good game ever
It's good
I want to refund it but I cant
Best game
Second best mtb game nice design props to Jared Fry amazing artist
Nice game
I am saying this with respect that this game is the best game in the 
world!!!📲
GOOD GRAPHICS BUT UNCOMFORTABLE TO RIDE
I WANT MY REFUND
Good games
because normal villain cant buy a pay game
Cool MTB Game bro, Keep the goodwork Up :D Big Thumbs Up 👍👍👍
Thanks for this game it was good deal for 0.90
Nice game
Good game, smooth graphics,love the game
supb
Best bike game ever
This game is so good
Awesome Game For Lowest Price...
Loveit
Boring Waste of money
i love it nice game
Good
Try karon...
Loved game
Went i buy this i cant download said success but in my app if this will not fixed my money back then
Best
Best game but clash of clans game is more best than this
Marvellous game...... some controls are uncomfortable..but still it works great
Awesome killing time
Money wasted
It's very good. But you buy something. Its freezes for a while.
Value for money
Great
Osm
Good
Superb game this is my favorite game I love it 😁😁😁😁😀😀😀😀😀
Love This Game....... So Addictive
A good game that could be a great game if the nav buttons wasn't in the way, and the option to customise button layout was given to us, coz just like real bikes one size can't ever fit all riding styles.
I'm in love with this game. After a long time, I've found an addictive game. Amazing
I think you should add a street segment to it, that's all
Started playing game and need cheat codes... Please respond
nice
Very fun game
Loved it
first of all their is 1) no access to google play service in the game in which you can't store your data after uninstalling and installing the game add a option for it ; 2) improve a little bit of graphics; 3) more option's for tricks and stunts should be their ; 4) multiplayer should be their 5) more story like missions ty
Nice game
DATZ RIGHT IF YOU DONT KNOW...YOU NEED TO FIND OUT..THIS GAME GOES HARD ON THE PAINT..5 STARZ...
coll jerh
Good game
Excellent game, makes me feel like riding.
this is the best mountain racing game i have ever played
Good
11/10
Im an adult female and absolutely love this game! I grew up playing pac man and frogger, now this is the most advanced, addictive, challenging game ever. Love everything about it. Well done makers! And thank you.
Please improve things like the stunts and stars the game used to give only one star then I'll give 5 stars
I kind of liked it.
When you leave the app and return back to the app something weird happens to the game. The display shift to the corner and is not in place.
Awesome game!!
Fabulous game. Should add new tricks
Love this game. So addictive. The only issue is have is my keyboard in the codes doesn't work. I can only put in capitals. Can't change to smaller case or put in symbols. Please fix. Other than that. Absolutely love it.
Super-duper game for mountain bikers
Cool bike game.
Highly addictive. Better without adds. Add more tricks and let us edit the trick wheel! That would be so sick
Probably best mountain bike game
Best grafis,. Recommended banget di download,
I think its a great and fun game and its very addicting
Not bad
Awesome
Good controls great graphics great all round
CAN I HAVE SOME CHEAT CODES..?
Superb game I've just finished it to the fullest, I hope there is going to be another one.
Its a good game
Please
How to get Cheat Codes
Superb
What Happend Its Say Please Buy The Game In Market But I Already Bought It! Please Fix This I Really Want To Play :( Thanks
Freakin awesome. I LOVE THIS APP SO MUCH
Best
Boo
Perfect. If you love bicycles of course.
Everything's good but I can't play in full screen and that's annoying using a Moto z
Nice game. Credit to developer worth the money
Please refund
Awesome!!!!!
I like this game but stunt bottom is poor
BEST GAME EVER !!!
So unresponsive when doing tricks could be such a good game!
The game is great but please add cloud services
As a biker to work, I love this game.
Its a very addictive game i loved it
Nailed it!
Love the game and have played it on multiple devices but have never been able to transfer my progress every time I get a new phone. Could definitely use either a data/progress transfer or just open cheat codes.
Great game as usual you made, little bit pay for win game 😅
Nice
The best mtb game on android.   But wont give 5 star because cheat codes are no where to be found. Whahahahaha.
It is fun once you vet a hang on it. Except he pedal is too ckose to the button on SAMSUNG S7
Couldnt enter cheat code it wont let me enter number or lowercase letter.
Awasome
Please my refund game not open
I absolutely love this game, it's so addicting! But ever since I've bought the 99¢ version, I havent noticed any difference between the free version and the 99¢ version. Im pretty sure the 99¢ version is just a way of supporting the developers, which I have no problem in doing. Also one thing that really bothered me is that I had to start all over again because it doesn't carry over your progress from the free version, so if you dont wanna restart your progress, I wouldn't get the 99¢ version, but thats just my opinion.
This games is worth 10 rupees! If you really wanna buy it, check out the free version first
The game is fun and funny. There is a glitch that the character become elastic when he felt to the ground. Do not fixed it lol. Totally loved it
didn't get my bikes after I bought them
Amazing game! Good fun, great physics and all-around a fun tine killer! Great job to the developer and kudos!
No problem
It's an amazing game.  There are many different courses and tricks you can do
This game like a real bike
Addictive
How about that
This game is beyond exhilarating!, I love it so muchh i literally play it almost every day Lol.
Nice game
Awesome game ..
best game...
My One & Only Game installed. This is a highly addictive game... The perfect waiting-room time killer... I love it and definitely recommend it if you looking for a challenge...   Make sure you have a charging solution nearby for uninterrupted fun!
Nicd
Sick!!
Please provide the cheat code for this game.
I got the money version and every time I go into it, it keeps on saying not licensed and every time I have to exit ... Waist of time just get the free version
Love the tricks but too many time trials!!
First place goes to BIKE MAYHEM
The hard tails suck they can't land a 3ft drop to down side plz fix also love the game
It a nice game but the problem with this game is that you have to Shell out money even after you bought the game if you don't mind the grinding. OH and it will reset everything after you pass certain point in the game.
A great all round game
Love this game, I contacted the developer with a question and they got back to me really quickly with a cheat code for some extra power ups! This is good stuff, invest the .99 cents and support these guys. Great game and great customer service!
Good game
Can't stop
I bought this game for .99 and installed it but when I go into the game it says the game is not licenced and I have not bought it. I just lost a dollar.
This game is awesome. It's so interesting.
So fun the best on ios I've ever seen!!!!!
I bought the game and crossed few chapters and suddenly one day, it again begins from the first chapter... Pls help me recover it
Great fun time killer until my phone died while playing and all saved data was lost
Great game, fun to play!
What u think is what u get~~  Rp.3rb
Good game :)
It's waste of 10 ₹
I cant play the game, its says its not licensed. Pls fix 😟
Best mtb game
I purchase the app but it said not license why?
Great!
It is very cool
Hello Best game ever. The bikes you get progress with the difficulty of the levels so good
Fun I love bike games
Sucks Cant get my previous purchase. Scams!🤐
Awesome
Addictive Simple and amazing
Nice game Nice freeride mtb game
love it love it
Best game ever
Bike mayhem A super sick game for any bike fan
Rip off I buy it and it's says it not licensed and to buy from Android market I wasted my money
Bike Mahem Hands down the best bmx stunt game of its genre.
Dope It's fun and easy to play
Need more stuff Need more stuff like levels, bike and equipment
Not happy I purchased a bike on the free version for .99 and then later downloaded the paid version for another .99 and the bike didn't transfer over. Kind of mad I just wasted a dollar.
Good fun Nice realistic action.
Be prepared to buy a lot if you want to enjoy the game
Very very good. Super game.
Problem plz fix I can't play it says that the I don't have a license.
Major potential Needs a few tweaks thou and a left handed mode pls trying do tricks while pedalling as let handed it hard lol Google achievements n Facebook login maybe but overall a good game that has a lot of potential well worth buying 1 dislike is having pay extra to unlock all clothing early if charging for game that should be included as standard
Fun Good game
Your nan let me finger her if.i played it
Very good one Very good one
Lots of fun to play Great game
cannot get recent progress i loss all progress when reset my phone. anybody know how to get all my progress back?
Plz add first person camera
Best bike game ever!!! This had to be one of my favorite games for Android I have it on every device I own and pay for it every time. Exxept my galaxy s3 mini won't let me pay with paypal answer that question please???
???UPDATE??? Yo, did the developer's fall asleep, or just throw in the towel, on game developing! Because, this game hasn't been UPDATED, for a very long time. Plus, I know that this game did quite $well. Cause, This game is on Xbox One. ???????UPDATE??????
Physics It has awesome suspension physics
I need cheat codes Give some cheat codes
Awesome
What a great game nyc osm sup.......
Super
fabulas app no ads
Dead
Mast
Buttons sucks it takes more than 10 sec to respond and they are not even refunding me. Edit: they have refunded me now so, I think I was wrong, but I still do think buttons do need to be updated. Overall the game was alright but it was the button that was very annoying.
The controls are to bad
Will you ever UPDATE your game.?
What the hack.. i just purchased this game from play store but when i am opening, it's saying application not licensed. What should i do?
My money refund
disgusting
Purchase system is very bad
Unresponsive controls on my phone
Nice
Very bad game
The user exp, ui is so sucks i cant touch the menu
Guys dont go for it, its just a scam to get 10₹ from you. Everything needs money and even the ui is not smooth. Touches dont work, gyroscope is not sensitive at all. Either you go too front leaning or not at all. ⚡Warning you people ahead itself.⚡
refund me please
Best game Best for a PUBG
pleaseee I'd like my money back
ghj
I play the game it is good
quite good
nice but iss me vo baat nhi h mere 10 rupee barbad ho gya
awesome graphics and awesome game!!!
poor control
nice game
cheat codes wont enter... this is Bull
nice one
Annoying game
bad gaming experience ever since I played in the tires are not mentioned above kindly call me on the delay in responding to your company as you wish to receive your company is looking good so to speak with me and I am a little while and your team and I am not sure if you have any questions or need any further information please contact the tires was a few minutes ago to me hu aara hai kya tere pyaar ke leye sunnai you many more than a more days to get a few minutes to get the delay in response
ILove this game and that's it ╭∩╮凸(-_-)凸
best game ever I love its
not full screen i want my money back
nyc
i paid to install but its a trail only so sad don't download it
utha utha ke patka sale ko
very challenging game with high quality graphics. A must play game for teenagers and college boys. Best deal ever.😍😍😍
it was nice but it needs some characters.
This is the most awesome game I've ever played. The graphics are good, the physics, everything. It's a bang for a buck. Try this and you'll love it.
very bad game, not worth for 10 rs don't get this app and waste your money
nice game
great awsome addictive
This game is trash it is not value for money I want refund
i want to refund my money
nice
I dont like this game and also they are not refunding me back what is this???
i will give it -100 stars because i don't get refund my money and it charges 11 rupees from my account i have proof and developer says within this app that we not refund money but why i want my money back or i will file a ppl complain at court i want my money back.
nice game bro
very late response time ....needs improvement... graphics and gameplay are good..
refund plz
please refund me a lost 10rs
i purchass this game only game rs 10 ha ha ha nice game 😆😆😆😆
Badgame, every I'm cleared cache saved game also deleted. Madefaka
NC
waste of money
good
slow response
wonderful game i ever played
Good game ever
nice
iam alrady byu this game thanks for making
good game
nice
very bad game don't download this
Love this game . it's always fun to play and challenging
nice game
I HAVE NOT GET MY REFUND.. WORST GAME I HAVE EVER SEEN..
very poor
This game is fully waste of time and money It requires payment again anad again at every Level.🙄🙄🙄
quite impressive
bakwaas
paid but its fantastick
Cool
very nice app but not licenced
good
good
dumb
nice bikes
dont buy this game its not that good
wowowooow awesome graphics, physics, ragdoll...everything! worth the money ))
good
very good
good time killer
Very nice game
Were can I get the cheat
worth every penny !!
good game
very bad game
DOKA PAGAL DOG GAME
good
nice paid game with no ads even though there's a free version of it still it's a good game I like it.
Good
bad
time west time west
best
Not
wrost my10rs
its waste of money nothing else
ban this app
I wast my 10 rupees
no google play sign in option to save the progress..👎
it best
👍
iwant to refund my money how should i do
goood
fuddu
dh my
good game
too bad
waste game don't install
refund my money
yes nice one
it's worth it to me it's a very nice game fun relaxing graphics are too much attractive best game for time pass
not bad
If you have the paid version, it is a nice game to play on free time. Levels are good and challenges are good. Free version has too many ads. I have the paid version, and it's worth of the money.
its good
Amazing
good
good game
good
bad game my 10 rs is wasted and i dont get my refund
RECAVE MY MONEY 10
you vgyff
cool game
Real Bad guys... It's like a guy failed at everything in his life... Cannot do a stoppie.... there is no button, for gaming sakes...
I love it
Worst app...When i open the game , it shows 'THE APP IS NOT LICENCED" Give Me my money Back ....😤
nice
love it
😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘 😘
Nice graphics
The worst and most Rubbish game in play store
Being a top casual paid game with no ads, it honestly crashes a lot. It crashes everytime I give a command too quickly which I can neither understand nor tolerate. Please fix it. Otherwise it's a good Time Waster. The UI is great, and the gameplay is nice and smooth.
fudu
*😫bug "
dont install
bad
Awesome Game, i recommend it all the time to my friends who are into mountain biking
Para cuándo sacan el 2 en Android?
this game bruh give me my money back I just bought a gear suit that cause 1.39SAR and I can't see it that I'm wearing it gosh fix this
nice
very bad very very bad
good but more trail please and we can create our own trail please
I am very happy
not responsive so much laag need to be optimise and improve
Not even able to get click.
aussume game!very good graphics,easy controland challenging level.
game is not working
gooooood
chodu h game
not so worth
Please refund my money
good
a great game
please update to support new generation smartphone with notch
i love it
Very much nice game, I had not played such a brilliant game before 😊👍 Attractive Graphics, Osmmm control system, means all about this game is awesome 👌 Cost of Game....... only ₹ 10 😊
very bad
nice
I saw these poor cats crying for 10 rs, i mean really man, atleast appreciate the work that they have done in this game, if u don't like it just give review refund is not an option boys, 10 rs is just a chocolate kids
being stuck
nice game
wow
Nice game
mood refreshing game. nyz game play.nyz graphics
terrible controls ... refund my 💰 money
Excellent graphics and perfect game play.
Great game
I do not like this game please refund my money to me
good
great
nyc app
wow
EXCELLENT game worth of money The graphics are very attractive
good
hi hi ha ha
1st best BMX game
Great time killer.. And pocket friendly!!
Very good graphics
Good but controls are a bit difficult.
very nice game
THE BEST GAME AWARD GOES TO THIS GAME
💜❤💙💚💛💓💖💕💗💝💞💟
I want to refund
very slow..
gf
good
to much lag
Not working properly on a Huawei. Can't select pre purchased bikes and wheels? Not happy
idiot way to earn money
nice
it is showing that it is not licensed
gud app i tried to play . but i cannot play so i get refund
this game is idiotic.when I click the button it works after 10 seconds. the developers of this game is just 😡 mad. I bought this for ten rupees but there are lots of free game which earns 5star.it is just ten rupees but just idiots.even one star is not worthy but only good thing is they refunded me
nice
game is really cool, but giving three stars because the rider crashes even after landing perfectly while performing jumps or stunts. I guess it's a bug.
Excellent
good
They're not updating it frequently as last updated almost three years ago.
good game I had purchased it in 10 rupees
good graphics and a very nice game
Best mountain bike game I have ever played
This game is very addictive
over all i got a good paid game in less price
i want refund
One of my favorite games of all time from the Play/App Store. It's hard at first but the touch & controls are great and after a few runs it gets fun & addicting. PLEASE UPDATE WITH MORE LEVELS AND GEAR UPGRADES!!! Dying to play more. Update: I purchased everything on this game and beat all the levels but somehow all of my progress is lost and I have to start from scratch! PLEASE HELP ME DEVELOPER! WHAT HAPPENED?
I bought the game but when I open it, it says that it is not licensed anf asks me to buy again. Please fix
I played this game for years since Im in grade school this game is addictive😊😊
nice game
bhai this is rediculus game i have played ever my 10rs are wasted bhai kasam se bhot gussa a rhi h
mast
What the hell! I bought this game and when opened it it says app is not licensed. Give my money back or fix this.
hate it money waste game
worst game ever played. I wasted my money on this game.
well game
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎... i want my money back....
I need refund
ok
i paid for the Bike Mayhem mountain app but its not installing and they are not giving refund and replies to my request please help me to get refund of my amount
The worst paid app.
plz improve controls
best game but game licence what please help
many bug so no one waste our money
bogus app
the best experiance in bike experiance
you doesn't update game till august 2016
first class game
its bad n i want a refund
worst
gr8 game
very good
good
what the heck i paid money but app is this not licensed
good game but not worth its price
It Really worth it...The graphics is very much attractive and detailed...The controls are pretty good ..Overall I really appreciate the game should be no.1
hi is the best game for all bike gamed
Josssgandhossz
wrost app
totally disappointed its button doesn't work properly. It doesn't sence a touch..😑😑 Worthless Game Ever.
nice Game
Loved the game once completed this and installing it again well done devlopers but you should give us some reward if we complete ur game like give free approved to your aunother paid game
superb game 😘❤
yes sir I am
app is good but i purchase this but it is not refund
nice and good graphics
nice one not much bad
bad app 10 rupess of these wasted apll
good game
nice loved this game nice graphic's
good
I recomamd you plzz try the game
i don't think this game is worth of 10 rupees that's why i claim for refund.
Give my money lol game
awsonm game but some time use internet
bad game
controls given on right side of the screen are little uncomfortable.
It's a good game. Please purchase it
very bad game not woth for the price pls dont install this game
best game
Awesome visualization
nice fixed some bugs
I have buy this game suddently,it said i no licesed i want refund my money back
good
good experience
Cool & best in graphics
nice
good
ihgg
super for childrens
Good
it is a very good game for all .i like it very much
graphics is very much good
good
he is best bike game and very high grahpics
salo jaisa game ki photo he vasi he hi nahi gadura
superb
addicted to game play
faltu
good not too bad and not too good but fun in playing
fantastic can make this game non payed
boring
Nicer gamer king
world's worst game . Never ever buy .It is not worth 10rps.The game looks interesting before buying but very bor game . Don't waste money on this game
hey guys i want refund plzz give my refund within 24 hrs
what is the use of paid version compared to free version
great game to play
wirst
bad
boring game... i want my money back...
osm
nice
2 good
awesome
This is the best BMX game ever. It really is worth the money.
best game
very high graphic and nice game.
yeah!!?
hi. im having problem with the game. changed to new phone galaxy a9. uninstall and reinstall many times, keep having problems with the buttons. it doesnt give feedback.
best gaming app
good game and graphics is amazing
Good game
woooooooooooooooooòoooooòoooooooòoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow
nice
i purchased this game after i starts to play it continually asking for license really sucks
I have played both free and paid versions of bike mayhem but invpaid there is no ad but in free there are too many ads
worst game i had ever seen........ don't buy it
good but not super
nice game!
Nonsense
Hi guys i bought this game in 110pkr even i play it i think it's not good game because its quite Boring and useless i thought you please don't buy this types of games I WANT MY REFUND
superb...
mera pisa mereko 10 rs wapas chaiye ye konsa game he chalu hi nahi ho raha he plz mera pisa vaps karo
can anybody tell me how to use the cheat menu and some cheat codes
just enhance graphic then ,it will surely best.
I want refund I need my money back
bbhhhh
Nice game
love this game if i uninstall this game then would i have to purchase it once again when i required please tell me.
wow
i Love it 😍 but the version has old
nice game
refund my money back if not
nice game
very disappointed , controls not working properly as they suppose to.
nice
very interesting game the game graphics are marvelous so over all Game play is great
very tough game
I need my money back
not a addictable game
A very good game in 36 its graphics are not bad too
I want refund
gr8
why game is not opening
hhhhhiiiiii
very good
This is very bad game
osm game love it
waste of money
it's a great game but think the controls were a bit of centred and the graphics could have been better.
nice
bad game 10 rupees west
best
good graphics
i want my many
not so nice bad controler & not good graphic
Very refreshing
Don't even try to purchase this game
oooo
awesomeness! is here. just install it and get awesome stuff... really great job creators...😊😊😊😊💓
noob
Nc
I can't play this game sorry
unhappy with the services after paid 10 RPS to proceed game further you have to pay again
nice app
best paid game
it is good but level 33 is to hard
waste of money
bakwaas control hi nahi kaam karte
good one
good game
kya bekar game hay,even there was no gameplay tutorial...and no 18:9 screen support...I uninstalled in just 2 minute
good apps but i tell you that u can also play this game
great app
bc refaund my money I'm buying 2 time this game is don't like this game
ok
the game is blank refund my 10 rs
good
nice game
bore
foot
yes a good game . best for timepassing . but the leaning control is hard thats it.it is agood game
it is best game in my life👍👍👍👍
I love this games.its control is amazing
very nice
Am trying it
nice
good
good graphics
ml km km away y
very bad game don't play this game
just keep the Bugs Off...
Awesome
very nac
hk
ok but 😅😅😅
excellent
nice
excellent game worth 10₹
good
good game
Nice app
Dami
cool
love for refund option..........make it real time multiplayer
bestest game ever
good game
graphics and controls are satisfying. stunts are wonderful.
I play this game in freemode past... But play again and it's aswome..
this game is super best for cycling
👆 with a smile
good
great game
I will
loved it more than a asphalt 9 legends game
osm game i try many bike games but this game really amzing 🎮🎮..🚴🚴
bike mayhem
definitely worth the 10 rupees
Paisa wasool
Nothing special
not work properly
koi
stupid game
I LIKE THIS GAME BUT I WANT TO ASK YOU A QUESTION WHAT IS DIFFERENCE BETWEEN FREE BIKE MAYEM AND PAID BIKE MAYEM
nice game
it has a free version but paid have more fun
super and nice plss download this game
there is no any difference between this and free version
nice game
awesome game
cool
it isgood but not better
madarchod app there is no refund option after you uninstall this game
too many bug ..... fix it
good game.nice gameplay.decent graphics.
good
good
The best part of the game is graphics.
this is the best Ever game
e.g.
good game
refund my money
best game
it's an awesome bike game
i know it is good game but i give 3 star
amazing graphic
my game bike maythem is not working all is blank
it's good but the gameplay is little bit hard.
Controls are hit or miss
when i play my player moves so slow. is there anyway too fix it.
good
sdp
good
Fun for a couple of mission but after that it keeps crashing
Doesn't want to work
it is a legsndary game and it is awesome yo play
it is good
cheats are not working on android plz do something when cheats are applied it gets lagged every time please do something
THE GAME KEEPS CLOSING I CAN'T EVEN PLAY IT. -☆UNTIL THE ISSUE IS FIXED
me en canta se lo recomiendooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooòoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooos
Good game but needs aiming and able to go to other places without police cooming for you and please add gta 5
good game
can i get a refund cuz my mom did not like the game
Great adaptation. the controls take some adjusting to, but overall it's well done. Make sure your phone is good enough to run it and let the takeover of Los Santos begin!!
What the hell you did in the new update! I hate it now it lags alot!
W końcu gra nie sprawia problemów, po premierze Note 8 występowały liczne artefakty ale twórcy nareszcie się z tym uporali
this game for only Android
it's a good game
Super dope.
It's cool great game
Been playing this game since my childhood at this point. Always fun to play. I never get bored of this game
ahh yes!! the one and only san andreas im only downloading it on phone now but i have played it before and the experiance is still amazing from 2004 to still this day absoloutely amazing worth playing so classicXD cant wait to play it again
good gameplay hard missisons
best game
it is the best game I have ever seen before.
Bug Lists: °When a plane approached Cj The plane disappear °When a person died,shot by a player or burned alive much more the ambulance/Firetruck wont come instead the person disappeared °theres a myth/glitch is called Ghost car falling lemmings
really awsome
GRAND THEFT AUTO SAN ANDREAS WELCOME AND WHY GTA SAN ANDREAS DON'T OPEN I UNINSTALL AND INSTALL ALWAYS SAME THIS TIME I ARRIVE IN THE MIDDLE OF IT [HARD PLACE] WHY PLEASE REPAIR IT FOR ME AND WHY YOU DON'T MAKE CONTACT US FOR SUPPORT PLEASE, ANSWER MY QUESTION AND I PLAY GRAND THEFT AUTO V,GTA V BETTER SO MUCH
Awesome thanks so much for your time and
nice
bkwas ekdm, bhut hang ho rha h
how to set up controllers so the camera won't circle around? Why is that? anyone can help me out?
controls are a lil difficult but that's the game👍. The DOBE Controller makes it WAY easier. Freezes on the Zero missions tho 😔😡
good game just love it because it is part of the gta series
Good
I use device poco f1 and can't get to play the game
The best game ever I recommend to play it gta V
A little better graphics.. but works normal on my Samsung s6 edge.. 👍👍 now I have Samsung note 8 and it's a little better
It doesn't complete the install process.
lags too much
Definitely addicting. But my game was reset. My saved game was lost. Is there a way I can recover it?
how to cheat?
I wish it could have online for this like, gta samp ng computer.
This is a good thing to.have for when your on the road and wanting to play a game
brings back the memories on my ps2
My Favorite Game. IF you really like this game. Its worth trying to get use to the kontroller Pads. Aw one more thing. FAMILY Gang or Dont Bang. Ws I.F.G.B.77Borders YG T-Fam BLOOD!! Suw77P...
this is a really great game and brings back the memories oh the places you will go and do
Drivin a car should be easy but its not please make IT better
please add the cheat menu for android, just like the pc and ps version
it's amazing
I love this game but there is one problem in the coliguala heist i can't enter the door upstairs for some reasone plse fix this.
old days came back again in mobile .
It needs better graphics and more places on the map
Man, I love this game. The only bad part is you have to do those flying missions with even worst controls. Playing on the phone really sucks for those four obvious reasons and that you can't control the landing gear (it's automatic) along with a shorter rendering distance meaning a tree pops out of no where
Game is awesome
Nice game but i want GTA 5 in android
i love ps2 and mobile version
its nice to play the graphics, the view and how cj talks
it so fun
I ♥️ this game 💯
Updates seemed to have fixed the problems i had.
The game is great and it certainly lives up to the other versions but for some reason you can only press two controls and won't register a third one which is why I rated it 4
Screen lock is troublesome. Playing with a controller and every 5 mins i have to swipe the screen to let it know im still playing.
GTA Sanadreas is one of my most favorite games. The amazing story of CJ never gets old or boring, every time I start over the experience is always different.
good beautiful
when I drive any vehicles the steering always pulls to the left make it very awkward to drive FIX THIS PLEASE
Read the reviews regarding the game crashing, I thought this may have been a bug at the time and an issue which would be resolved, unfortunately two months later this has proven not to be the case.
Good old GTA San Andreas, the favorite of all +-25 yr old men, ready to be played on your phone or tablet one last time. Just as good as in the old days.
Suddently not compatible with my Sony Xperia Z3. It was working without any issues earlier. Please fix!
great gameplay and storyline ,been playing for 15 yrs still not bored. I bought a ps2 in 2004 just for this game . lol
love this game it's the best
super Dope
it brings me back
Nostalgic
Best game ever!
Nice game
fun
Its good game for ever
Its about fighting and driving and doing Mission
Can I get my money back?
Before downloading i read about negative review i just wanna tell some people r gud in some game accept it. I finished this game story mission without using cheat code its hard but u can if u want rather then criticing it
I cant refund and it keeps crashing but it was fun when I got to play it
cool
I love this game its awesome and thankyou rock star for making this game I'm addicted I eat sleep this game lol
very nice game
download faster
Ats good
Best game ever the graphics are reaslitc in 2019 and mods work from a app call Cleo mod master anybody reading this comment check out Cleo mod master the best gta sa modder app works perfectly no root at all just get it for free
this is gangsta! 10/10
Very funny
great game when it's not crashing controls could be better but overall 6/10 it desperately needs a upgrade tho
super
good
GTA San Andreas is the best Gta ever made
update some modern cars..,,
believe graphics could be better but great classic
it is a very dope game an i like it so much thank you rockstar games for making this game.
My devices were less than par but I'd most likely have enjoyed it if I'd had enough processing power.
very bad game lots of laggs fu**k it
v good game from Anuj gupta , kartik gupta, Littil gupta, shakshi gupta, rudr gupta
super game
VG
keep trying to download the game but every time it stops at 85% and it won't load in or work when it does which has happened many times
best
I love it🥰
ssexxy
Why does it keep on breaking down :((((( My car keeps on turning left, whenever i try to save the game it pops out and restart
good game also good graphics😊
gta-sa is a great game but rock stars when we play it online maltiplayer
Love it
cool
Best Moblie Game Alive 10/10
game nya bagus
its just like the original, however if you just run around shooting cops you may encounter a challenge if you play with phone controls, however i managed to beat the game perfectly fine without a controller so i have no complaints. outside of a few bugs the game is great, thank you for making this great time killer.
best game there is on the play store🔥🔥🔥🔥
great game
Now that GTA San Andreas has been updated, it runs smoothly. I don't see anymore texture glitches. My game doesn't crash anymore. I can actually play it now. The over all game looks much better than it did a few months ago.
graphics render is awesome, but the controls are a pain in the ass sometimes
the game is very good but they must update it put more cars more weapons and better graphics.
had the game before got a new device now it wont download it gets to 85% then stops tried to download multiple times i have over 11g left of space plz fix.
love it
the game is not functioning properly
oh the memories. and it plays great on my moto z4 with max settings. also i play with the moto controller pad. i love this game. i hope they can make gta vcs!
i like playing rockstar games
classics never die
can you update that game like car shops and like GTA 5 and like real life and i can't finish all game because it's so hard to finsh can you do the game easier please!!!
awesome ❤
Loved it
awesome
nostalgia
Works very well. Just like in PC or PS2. But one thing I don't like is the cheat, you cannot type them in and also lags, but thanks to the app Gta SA :cheater you can cheat.😃😃
bahut sasta hea cd toh 359 ki hai
best mobile game
the graphics for bad everything was horrible avoid waste of money this your stuck two consoles
so far so goood
thjs game is just like i remembered it for sure. pretty easy to play with a touch screen also!
I really love this game uwu
i give it one stars because its Lagging sooo bad it need some fixing like assp its tooo slow really bad and goes to slow motion like really bad
keep up the good work
i cant get back to the game everytime i hit resume it wont work how can i get back in
best game ever
chromebook is going crazy when I tap on a key it goes up and down repeatedly without stopping 😡please fix or give me a refund
When I am on burglary mission, I cannot find the houses with yellow marker to be broken into. Please help fix it. Manual aim also seems to be inaccurate, unlike the pc version. please fix this too.
superb and waiting for gta 5
This game is cool and all but in retrospect is sucks. The graphics are terrible, and it crashes every time I drive
love it
game goes so slow cant even play. also glichey
pc version is best, Driving control issues fix it please
enjoy playing it
It's slow. Lags. Whatever you game pros say. I've downloaded it on three different devices it's the same on each
not working
best game ever
Poor
good
Can i know why i can't open this game after i download it? It crash every time. Please fix it.
I'm loving it 😍
Please fix the gamepad / keyboard and mouse issue. The image is rotating very fast and I cannot play. Add a key mapping for gamepad also. I would like to be able to accelerate for example with the analogic joystick. When I have keyboard and mouse kit is unplayable.
This is Awesome!!! Thanks Rockstar Team!!!
I love gta
crashes all the time
S7 optimizations pls!
The controler pad sucks worse than anything I've ever seen before... Don't waste your money.
Great game. Even better with a controller.
first it work good after some days it do not work
good
Amazing game..
cool
pretty dope bro
Super awesome game
this game dosent download for me to play it on my phone or tablet i payed for this game today and it dosent work i want a refund
Well... All I have to say is that they finally fixed the crashes and they did some fixes. I don't have graphical glitches anymore, and the gameplay was kept intact. All in all their fix took some time to came, and now I don't have any problems. I'll give it 5 stars, because of the new patch. Thank you Rockstar!
its the bast
Good, but needs to be optimized on newer devices
love it
aech time i try uploding gta anandreas it dosent uplode
very very good never gets old
this game is pretty good
fun
Onee of the best games 😍
good
reminds me of the good old days... controls are pretty difficult and tough to get used to
great
I like but new update please online playing.
good game
it was playing great now it won't even load up ,need better way to hit gas and driving mission is impossible to beat
I started experiencing some glitches and freeze screens after a "date" with Denise. Everything was fine up until then
love it brings back memories when it first came out
why it stop after some misson pls help me up🤪😭
pretty decent control 👌
Great game so far! only annoying problem is I can't scroll right on the map?
Make High quality graphics like Gta V
game is good and how to use cheat codes
it's really hard to download...
my best chilhood game
awesome graphic variation nice and free to play I m enjoying this real homie!!
just like the old days
Reesolução incrivel. Quem dera surgir uma extenção do SA. Zerando de novo e de novo. SA forever.
Reliving the good old days. Great fun! Thanks Rockstar team!!
Awesome, the graphics is great and the gameplay is just as awesome as I remember but much more simple also.
love game
Its San Andreas Yo. Gang Members, NWA Theme.
a Grate remastered game just edgy controller support a classic that can still be enjoyed in 2019
grafik dia kurang cantik kalau boleh upgread kan lagi grafik
it is a good game ever
Great
pls let me refund i to not wish to play anymore pls let me do a refund
I remember playing this for both xbox and ps2. Never once did I deal with so much bloody lag. This app was a waste of my money, time and data. Worse game app Ive downloaded. Edit: found out the problem was with my old phone. I forgot about my experience with this and redownloaded it on my new one and it ran smoothly besides the controlls being a little janky.
It's the same as the original platform.
its da best game ive ever played
I like it
good game its better than most games
good
Good
AFTER THE LATEST UPDATE THE GAME STOPED WORKING AND SAID YOUR DEVICE ISINT COMPATABLE WITH THIS VERSION PLEASE FIX IT
those who made this game super duper gta san andreas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
westttte time wasteee
works
it gliches and makes you restart the hole game over
this game is sooo lit
Fun time killer. Cool cars. Big map.
keeps logging me out
Huawei P10, nostalgic moments.. After fix game is not crashing anymore big up
super
Awesome!!!! It really brings back memories! 👏👏👏
best game ever!!!! better than gta 5 thanks rockstar!!!!!
nice
Great game!!! Remembering the childhood... I get a social club error saying "A social club error has occurred. Please try again later." Please fix that issue
I purchased this but it can't download on my phone not allowing me to download this game what would i do I have 62gb storage 4gb ram and 8.0 android whats the problem!????!?????
enjoyed the game but it has suddenly stopped working it will load but then force shut itself? need to fix this
Solid game, graphics might be a down grade from the original as well as the sounds. But over all, still a game worth the money.
nice
This game pretty cool i have about 2 or 3 years i bought this and it super cool the graphics not the best ill give that 3 stars guns 4 stars hard of missions 4.3 stars I highly recomend this game if you like shooting games with stradegy. IF they can add online for mobile ill love it more but other is super good game i download it.
When i want to play with keyboard the game behaving strangely like crashing and i emailed them but no response yet. Edit:- still no response or game update.
very good experience
best game ever
best gta even though its 15 years old
its great 😊😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 i like doing suscide off buildings cj
really worth the buy honestly, the missions feel harder though because of the controls but once you beat them its satisfying.
love the port. getting used to the controls takes some time but runs great 9n my galaxy tab A 10.1
i have 4.00 gb of free space and it won't download why not
I can't find the last tag location I've got 99 tags sprayed can anyone help me
good game to play
it's a good game but for some reason now when I get on it now it crashes can you help me
It's very good
stay playen it
Same old GTA SA, but I have a few problems with this. A lot of the game is far more difficult than it should be on mobile, due to the awful controls, now I understand they did the best they could and if the game has controller support that's good, but the issue with the auto aim (which is the only viable way to play) is that it will aim at everything BUT the enemies closest/most dangerous to you. Anyhow I cleared most of the game until I reached a point where it would crash upon launching 👎
Berry fun!!
I love this game because it is like GTA V Same city, but the frame rate is low, i want to know why its so LAGGY and slow ASF
this game is super fun thx rockstar for adding this to mobile
make the graphics more better plz
This game takes me back to the old days
hope its good
Nice
glitch found in mission the character not doing nay next process...how ?
best.
plays great, using xbox one controller as on screen control's are a bit difficult
I played the first 2 missions and everything worked well. Now the game keeps crashing after 2 minutes of playing on Nokia 7.1. One of my favorite games but is unplayable.
Even if this is an old game every gamers love it
cool
👍👌
this is like 360 all over again it's great😊
Please Upgrade Graphics It's To Low. but game play is good.
😎
My GTA San Andreas game keeps crashing 10 seconds after I start to play , this has never happened before until now and I know for a fact that I have a strong internet and a good phone , I don't know what the problem is . I restarted my phone and deleted my game cache and it still crashed , can you please help !!
love it
wow
Its bugging and glitching please fix the bugs
best game, ever and Graphics of this game is marvelous
it's a great game
better than ps2 version hands down....
Awesome! The controls take some getting used to but super fun throwback from GTA. I plan to buy a controller for my tablet.
gr8
would give better but it keeps crashing and I try to start game but it keeps crashing while loading
Great game
please update it to fix glitches plz plz i wanna play it badly but it glitches im a HUUUUGE fan of rockstar game so can u play stop makeing game to glitch plz dont make lag and glitch please
I love this game!!! And also u Can use a Ps4 controller...
This game is awsame I do not regret buying it
It's GTA:SA of course its a 5 star review.
I love this game my only complaint is that I wish they would make a more updated graphics version of this game.
good game needs a few tweaks tho
good
love it best game ever
As great as I remembered on PS2!
im so glad this game has passed thru the ages and i am able to share it with my young childr3n.
needs update so many texture glitches on newer phones
amazing it is the bestgta game
Driving goes left.
cannot load, resume. Menu cannot read show blank small boXes
yep
downloading failure .....it pisses me of....arrrrrrgh
god like dude
awesome
the game is a classic and still awsome which is it's only saving grace and earns it the 3 stars given. saving sucks it doesn't make any sense. it only saves after your last mission was completed even if you save after doing other things making saving the game pointless. controls are awfull but that is standard for ports that being said they could have done better. to be fair who ever ported this literally made all the wrong choices and made a pure classic game into barely average one.
wonderful game.
why does the game stops downloading qt 85 %
great game
am really enjoying this game it's so real kudos
You really have to add the option to turn off the frame limiter!
Great app!!
Still My All Time Fav, Love This Game!
awesome👏✊👍
it is a nice game and so many mission just like real world
Great and old gold game
i had uninstalled it due to exams but when i downloaded it again the game wouldn't let me sign into the social club where my entire game is saved. it is my earnest request to the makers to help me.
nice
the graphics are kinda bad in Mobile
😂
മാസ്സ്
Yo Rockstar! This Game Is Absolutely! Perfect! For The Gameplay! Story! Everything! Keep Making Good Games!
aiman gila
when I first bought it, the game worked wonderful on my acer oceania 10. but when I upgraded to my new samsung tab e now the game lags to the point I cant even play it. please fix the lagging issue so I can give it 5 stars again
it's not letting me install it again
so far its good
it is a good game
gotta love a classic
great gameplay
Takes too much space.
it just doesn't load I have to click off it and back on it for it load and even then it will just start again I want to play the game but it's making it difficult
Terrific! 888
i love the game but when i bought it i couldnt play at all. it just gave me a black screen
Great classic.
is a good game disaind
I love it and for the people who say "lag", just put the resolution to 0
i like mostly this game in the play store
Rockstar Games today my GTA:SA is crash it's a bug or else
This is awesome. I can play on my phone.
It is very very very good game
I got bugged and game kept crashing gimmie my refund back
Game keeps crashing and not opening up pls fix
good game
its ok but the problem is about the sight how can i use the sight? i try going through the settings but it won't work it's still the same.. haysss😞
very fun. good story
i love the game its so classic its just soo laggy its kinda innoying plz developers make it less laggy i spent 6 bux on it so plz
Give me money
its fun
The game lags so much i cant finish missions. i love the game but not with how bad the lag is. Be nice if it didn't happen
dude this game is exactly what I hoped it would be could do pretty much anything and the missions are the same and for the most part everything is smooth
works well now on my OnePlus 7 pro
my favorite game of all time
need external controler
aku berak x flush
i like this game very nice graphics
I don't think it's the right way for me but you can see that you are a good man but I don't think it is that the right to say it was an evil and or an American but I don't want you if it doesn't happen in your life you know what it is like that you are going to die and I don't want it to die because you can't get me into a war on me or something else you have no reason why I'm not here and I'm sorry for your wife you have no choice and the reason for the murder was the death penalty in your case
App worked fine for weeks mow every time i load my safe keeps forceclosing. Now i need to start all over again not great. Edit: Even on a new games it's unplayable game keeps lagging and when driving any vehicle it always pulls to the right
timeless classic
it just like my fav gta 5
love it
i love it, and i love the update
Nice game but it not any easy game it's real game
Never thought I'd be playing it on my phone. Looks even better! Definitely a must have for some on the go gaming fun. 👍🏼
Old Memories.
They need to remake this game for the new consoles and make a version of it for the Nintendo Switch
good game
this game was great for awhile and now all it does is crash when I try to load and resume my game. shouldn't have to pay for a game that crashes.
Everithing great, but unplyable because you can't control at all. Driving and walking, you can do it, but fails a lot. But trying to control an airplane, no chance at all.
Rocking experience game.. I love it
☆☆☆☆☆ 100/100
please fix crash game & PLEASE ACTIVATE CHEAT CODE ANDROID PLEASE OFFER STEAM GTA V😛 please release GTA V ANDROID 😄?
so so
it is a nice game
GTA V for android, please!
It's a really fun game. It's one of the most classic games. Everyone should try it out if you haven't played it already. The story is engaging and the gameplay is fun.
great game
og game
IZZAT
very loving game but please provide cheat for more fun
Its fun and it feels good to play a old game again it the best buy this game
This game is amazing, but seems like every other time i play it, it won't start up, and will be frozen on a black screen. It's very aggrivating. It's not even starting up at all anym, and i would love to see it fixed. It runs effortlessly on my G2, even with max quality, and line of sight. Plays just like it did on my ps2! I'll gladly change to 5 stars if the start up issues are resolved.
nice gane but costly
best phone game period. unbelievable graphics and gameplay. make sure you use the arrow controls for driving (the joystick is pretty much impossible).
i really love this game
Really good story line, fun to play
Awesome game
not bad for a mobile port aiming and using the camera definetly a bit hard to get used to but there seems to be some sort of bug on my device its like the trackings off or somethomg after about 2 hours in everytime i get in a vehicle it comstantly drifts to the left for no reason and when i got to the car customization section it doesmt accuretly follow where im tapping like i have to tap a whole half inch away when picking a color
why the hell dose a app that I paid for have adds fix this please
Performance wildly varies depending on device , but the graphics options allows you to configure to get a good framerate
great
one of the best games of 2004
CJ literally just spazzes out and I can't control him. Fix chromebook support PLEASE
This is better than the original since the last update most phones must run this good now... I had a Zenphone at first release which had many issues with this game, now probably a year later using a LGQ6 this game is working great and am strolling down memory lane. Good control, remastered and faster load times! Thank you!
i love this game
Cool
cool games for mobile
I bought it on my tablet and it super lagging i uninstalled , then reinstalled with a better connection but it still happening umm idk what to do
Nojs men nojs
Loved this game #day 1 dope on my A50 just make sure you have somthing good to run it on
best game ever
was charged for it when said free on it to try.so do not want it.
way to slow i bought it along time ago but i cant even play it on no devics and i am kinda pissed
once uninstalled. not able to download again. downloading getting struck.
good
F(is for friends who do stuff together)U(is for u and me)N(is for n e thing and n e where at all down here in the deep blue sea)
good
very nice experienced game afte gta vc
love it
I bought these game now if I play one mission the game is telling me you may have not buy these game and I already bought the game
best gta game
so far so good wish I had a controller
It takes too much space
Amazing
that game reminds me my school days, when i was addicted to that game , still loves it
THE BEST GSME EVER
best
Γίνεται συνεχεια διακοπή  😤😦😠😈
🤩🤩💓🤩🤩 awesome work
exactly like the old game
best openworld game
hmmmm mine is downloaded 2.57gb out of 1.97gb
fun
realy good game i would like for you to do gta 5 for mobile. that would be cool
the drinving and walking is very slow
Cheat codes typing not understanding in phone
yall should make gta 5 on andriod not apple
for an old game it works exceptionally well
💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥
The cloud save feature is a lie I had maxed out stamina and muscle had top reinstall game and no save. What a waste of time shouldnt have bothered buying it if it isn't working...
Awesome
controls a bit sticky to get ahold of at first but the customization helps tremendously. The nostalgia gives it a 5 out of 5 overall.
Carl look like a bean 🤣🤣🤣🤣
i like the port. i even think buying food and clothing is easier than ever. ive owned gta sa for ps2 and pc. driving however is horrible controls are just bad and just lets you knew that touch screens just can't replace buttons and a joystick
you can't go inside houses and Rob people
legit, the best
nice and fun
works perfect on my stylo 4 👍👍
best game rockstar has made!
hi that game is not what i expected and would like a refund. thanks.
I loved this game as a kid and the same rings true as an adult. the fact that I can play it on my phone is just the cherry on top
Gameplay got annoying and laggy, I really was excited to buy the game and enjoyed the first missions but after those gameplay started lagging constantly and I felt like I was getting no where with the story.
very interesting games
It really good
Well, I got a Samsung Galaxy A20... And the game runs very well. Man, my childhood, the memories.
add phones
Game runs amazing on high resolution settings !!! Absolutely no lag or restarts. Flawless controls great on the go.
Boea zerar essa obra de arte
love it
nostalgic :( awesome game and fun missions.
Chrash game please fix it.
I Would Rate it a Five Star If this game had 2Pac Changes ft. Talent
Social club sign in not work even my login and password is correct. Please solve this issue.
yo dis game.is so awesome dude I cant lie its pretty sick
Great game
It does not open
It cool
gud
Absolutely fantastic
I like game GTA Sa
Awesome game
Good
I love the game
Amazing
Great to play
Its would be better if its graphics were better and it wasnt so laggy
Ive always loved this game
Worth every penny
There is a bug where every time i load the game CJ's stamina is close to depleted
********** I wish I could give this❤🔥
Just like if im playing in ps2
Really useless controls and aiming is really useless , its really difficult to drive vehicles because of wrong camera movement while playing mission , graphics are good.
Love it best game ever
Game save file seemingly corrupted and i lost weeks of game progress. Game now crashes as soon as the app loads. Trash.
I love this game i have completed all mission 4 times without any cheats. I love it!!!
Fun just like the original only downside no cheats but besides that pretty good.
I've been thinking of buying this one for a while, and i gotta say, it's worth every penny. So well optimised for mobile, not just a quick port but so much more. Controls take a bit to get used to, but you can't expect anything special on a mobile touch screen. Runs great on my phone at medium-high settings, tiny bit of stutter on max. In the end, it's a 3d, open world game with great gameplay (one of the greatest games ever made imo) in your pocket.
Amazing just the bestttttt
Its good but kinda laggy
If you want download it , you have to change language to English.
Very good
yep that's cool
Grew up on this game . So many memories . Love it❗
Just like on playstaion the app wasnt working but i re installed it and now its fine ive been playing for at least 2 hours
I cant play it. When I get to the game, the screen keep going around in the circle. CJ keep looking around I cant go nowhere. I have chromebook. Can you help. I just purchased again because i really want to play. I cant refund now, so plz help
Noice
Awesome...... just like back in the day
My favourite game that i play
Ive downloaded this game a long time ago and i never played it i wish i wouldve bought in apple app store instead its the same nothing improved it just simply dont work its lags as soon as it plays
Still buggy and the touch screen controls could be better
Love it brings back the old school
superb good work team👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Awesome game!!!!!
Great game just bought it so excited to play hopefully u guys can make it better in the future
Fun times on this game
Good game Good
So far so good!!
Works for couple of minutes then stops on my p20 pro. Emailed developers but no response.
Best game ever
this is hard i cant get pass the food mission
Game bagus dan sebagai bahan nostalgia. Tetapi controller kurang optimal. Dan game ini saya rekomendasikan karena jalan cerita bagus ala ala old school game (emang sih haha). Intinya patut kalian beli :).
sickest game can't be topped
Much better than what I had on my last phone. Now I can play this like I want to, and relive my childhood with my siblings.
It's a five star rate for me.
I am not sure if you have any questions or need any further information please contact me at the end of the day of the day of the day of the day before and it has to do this in my
Good old gta but the controls are hard to use making a lot of the missions way harder than on the console version. But the game is spot on love gta San Andreas
Its have some bug in contact specially in aiming with gun
Nice
It good and fun
Last update fixed everythimg
Dhashu game...
Good
Dont buy it crashs all the time i do what to play it can they fix it
Best game ever 👍
Very fun to play
The game is the best
great game so far
Nice
There's a bug on this mission called pier 69 and for some reason that I can't finish it and I have to kill t bone then ive done it nothing happens no mission compete please fix
Analog handeling is a bit jumpy...
Awesome
Best game of my childhood
Best game of tbe world
Great game, this will bring back your childhood. But this oily and way skinny game makes me sick :(
Great game, works great on mobile. Nostalgia on the go
Really good game.. just one error, please fix the map so it is compatible with the xbox one controller because it cuts off and work work properly
Merge foarte bine
Excellent game
The best
It keeps crashing every time I try to open the app
Follow the damn train cj
I remember playing this as a child. Its a very good game. Recommend it
Despite a good download speed, ample storage on my phone etc; This game just will not download. I can't even get a refund. Pretty annoying
crashes after finishing the game
the best..
Best game in play store
These young whipper-snappers will never appreciate the true beauty of this game
Super game
Finally works great agter the update.
You fixed the video issues, good job people
DOPE!!!!
I love this game because it is honest. I would give it best rating just for being honest.
Really good but it lagged so mutch i could barely play but overall the game is very fun
Thanks for another great port
Noice
Best game ever created. I will forever be part Carl Johnson
Oh boy, this game is still fantastic!
Best games for pay
Love the game brings new back when live wqs chil, and reminds me of saint row 2
LEGEND
It's a great game but why not try using a xbox controller while playing with this game ?
Nice game
Awesomeness!!
Love this game ever since it was on the ps2., its simply the best gta game out there besides gta 5 followed by Saints Row 2 and Gta Vice City!
Its a great game so far👍🏼
Lit
Cool game
The best
Yup
I have had this game on my phone for 2 years And i have figured this. If you have a brand new device like i had a galaxy Note 9 the game may keep closing. I figured this is because rockstar has to update the game to that phone. Im not sure but i have had several case where this has happend If you really wanna get the full experience and play this game like you are on a console. You need a controller. I synced my PS4 Controller and was swerving thru them streets. Other then that Its GTASA
Very nostalgic
Classic game way back in the in the early 2000's my problem is the lowrider racing its hard to win im always in last place because of tight roads and light pose always blocking my way while driving and the slide of the lowrider
The game crashes a lot.
Good f
Favorite one because action the graphics also cars I imagine having gta v on android or gta 4
Follow the damn train CJ
Awesome job brings back memories
The app keeps crashing. I don't know why!
Fantastic so far just like ps2, only problem I have is i can only view the left hand side of the map in the menu screen, so starting off in los Santos is hard to navigate as I cant see where I am on the map as the cursor will not scroll that far right, rockstar please fix!!!!! Also players invest in a bluetooth game controller, it will make the gaming experience for this and other games so much better as in screen controls are not great for any game!
This game not working online
Best of the best horse in Law school in Law enforcement
Wanna inform u that the resume and back to the last checkpoint during missiom are broke. If you fix these issues, I will definitely give you great review.
My game is not opening its coming black on the screen
The auto aim really needs to be worked on. It doesnt aim at the closest enemy like it did on console back in the day.
Omg the beat GTA game on my phone
It's GTA.
Best game ver
Love playing this classic game on my android!
Dope AF
2019 still playing
This game is the all out kick ass game on a phone.
Game is good brings back memories but controls are a bit rough
not letting me sign in please help
JUST LIKE PS2 GTA its good
Very interesting game
Nice game
good
This app is addiciting it is so fun
It usually crashes
Very good mobile edition of Gta SA. I had to move some buttons around, because they were too small or hard to reach on the screen, but other than that the game is smooth and beautiful, just like the good old days.
Unable to sign up Why am i not able to sign up???
NICE BUT ITS NOT FULL SCREEN
Which yeah like better San Andreas gta v
Its dipe
I love the game the only trouble is there is no response when i try to shoot coursing me to get waisted I'm unable to defend myself please can this be fixed would give top marks otherwise 👍
Man brings good old days back.. Great game.. Grapichs could be little better but not bad
Great game, but there are still bugs that still affect the gameplay even after I uninstalled and reinstalled it. For example, I cannot enter houses during the burglary side mission and there are barely pedestrians and vehicles that spawn even though the traffic mode is set to "heavy". I hope those issues can be fixed as soon as possible.
You picked the wrong house fool
I always be the fan of gta games, and i would like to try this game because this game is a legend
I remember asking my dad to install GTA V on his laptop and he ended up installing GTA SA, i did know it wasnt GTA V but slowly i started creating a bond with the game, like i dont want to stop playing... the only problem is that Signing into Social Club doesn't work for me... and says a Social Club problem has occured, 5 stars for my childhood
Cool game!
Not bad could be better
Nice
One of the best gta games 🎮😍😍❤️💯👌
epic game
Brings back some good nostalgia
So awesome And playing it on my S10 5G is absolutely stunning
Awesome
Alright
Y33T
Plays great!!!
I still cant get pass the mission farewell my love where i race Catalina and i was trying to beat that mission for days and still cant so i just gave up and deleted the app !
Perfect
Good game, but it always messes up. I get to a certain point and it no longer works. It just crashes each time I play. I also hate how cloud save never works and it always loses my progress.
Make the graphics beter please
Qww see
Good
It won't let me save the game!
👌👌
Cool
Good
this game is awsome
Just like the ps2
Dope
I purchased and downloaded this game but it closes automatically when I launch it
Game is great, anyone complaining about the controls are just plain noobs. Once you get the hang of it its easy as the old ps2 controls. Or get a blutooth comtroller. Dont rate it bad because your bad at it🤘
Great incept make a gta 4 plzz
great
Gta san andreas has good control ,graphie cool missions bigcity more than 200vehicles
😊ui
Nice game
Legend never die
Best game ever
Control takes some time to get used to but great...see enhancements.
Man gamers rlly want Gta sa 2 instead of gta 6
gta sa i buyed it
this is actually a remaster. lots of improvements than the original ps2. the visuals are way better, improved graphical effects, characters models also way more detailed, and bugs that previously occurs in PC are now fixed. everything are improved. but the gameplay are still the same like the original ps2. i don't know why so many peoples complains about the controls? for me the controls are perfectly optimized for mobile devices. this game is worth buying if you guys want to feel nostalgia.
It is a great game but it is glitching on mission mike one for i mma give three please help
The very good experiance but controls are not smooth
Excellent game but the app force closes itself. I have a Samsung Galaxy S7. The game worked smoothly the last time the developer updated it, but now it's the same bug which appeared before with the words "GTA: SA has stopped." I also tried opening the game with all other apps closed but still it did not work. Please fix this.
Controls should be improved
att cheej a bai g....🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻
Nice
So fun
Please do something about the lag..
Just like the original, love it!
it was fun
I've been waiting for this for far to long! *UPDATE* Still playing in 2019. Updates have almost perfected the game better than the original release on console.
Cool
This is the best game
Love this. Played like 50 hours! But then had to restore phone and lost my game data :(
I could not even download i purchased evrey time it hit the addition file it stoped downloading i want help from rockstar
Playing this on my soft modded Switch. Modders do what Nintendon't! If the Android mod were to run on the Switch's internal storage instead of a micro SD card (no thanks, willpass) I'm sure all the hiccups of the game would get sorted out.
Tati game
Shaggmebaby
Nostalgic & No need to pay heed to any of the negative reviews, the game is really smooth & anyone who loves gta or a just a good game for that case will love it. Go ahead & buy the game, its definitely worth it
Love it takes me back
This game is a legend
Good game, controls are a little clunky but not bad
Not very good graphics
Amazing app
Aye yo im on the second race before the last island the ceasar race in the turismo,. MY GAME KEEPS FORCE STOPPING AT LOADING SCREEN 😡 COME ON NOW 😐
Hard to control but I love this game
Greattt
Dude... 4GB of RAM and it crashes on start up every time
So
Poor game
A good game. 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Finally they brought an update(Apr 2 , 2019) About Time! Running Smoothly without any lag even in max settings and thankfully All graphical glitches are gone! Love It❤️
Thanx for making this happen for the phone...😁
Helppp! The game always stuck on Mac n K mission when big smoke try to get in his house.. Can it fix?
so much fun
Didnt expect I could play GTA SA in my mobile..😍
Good old days
Kicks me out still during game play plz fix since 2014 to now 2019
This game is great but the reason its 2 stars for my rating is bc the game glitched. I do a mission very deep into the story (for woozie when you go into the military base for th cargo copter) and no matter how many times i do it when i finish there is nothing else to do. I serperately save tht file but my last save is a few missions back and i know tht's not the end of S.A. Tht glitch causing the game to come to this halt, made my review 2 stars.
Dying light
Why cant i download it? Been trying for 3 days. It usually stops at 50 - 60 % and it says it cant install, plus my wifi is fast
Good
Actually my game is not opening
Great
Amazballs
This is amazing, never thought I could play this on the go and even hook up my PS3 controller to it! The only problem is the PS3 controller mappings are wrong, The X button is actualy the Square button and the O button is actually the Triangle button, and there is no way to "remap" buttons. Otherwise, it works fine.
Its an incredible game that I loved since I was six. I remember playing it back on the PlayStation and loved every moment of it. Obviously its going to be slightly harder because of the phone controls but its still extremely fun!
the best of bests
The only problem is that we can't use cheats ingame please add this ability as it exists in every other platforms
Good game good graphics
GTA San Andreas is by far the best game in the entire GTA universe, but there's a problem with Michelle in San Fierro. When she asks for letting her drive she always steals the car. Please Rockstar fix this as soon as possible.
i was downloading the game and it crashed about 10 times and always crashes at 54% please can i have some advice. (phone : Samsung S9+
Great!
Ahh Yeah! Here we go again. -- CJ
hacking ma' life
give my money back!
Classic I've played this game at least 5 times to completion...
5 star
One of my all time favorite games is portable! i put so much time into this game as a kid its ridiculous. it has only improved! the steering is difficult at times until i realized i was on flick instead of analog. i purchased a BT telescopic controller (the kind that grips your phone) from Walmart for $32. much easier! But alas i can't complain about a thing ;) thank you Rockstar.
I payed money cause I wanted to play this awesome game once again but.. When I was kinda on 30% of the game I reached a point where the game was loading and it just crashed by the launcher... Y'all gonna fix this or I want my money back! 😒
Lags and glitches
It is asking about download after i purchased it
Nice iam playing 👌
Gj
Absolutely love this game but if I had one complaint, it is not fully compatible with my Samsung Game Pad. A patch for that would be greatly appreciated if Rockstar reads these comments. Cheers.
Game graphics is awesome... But while playing it's get closed forced.. still not sloved the issue...? still not slove the error
It is a good game but the controls will make you lose it mostly when driving. Also the apps tends to crash once in a while so be aware
Oh s#!* Here we go again. One of the best and most influential games ever made
Always crashes
Its cool
Love game
T'was good. But.... After I finish racing for ceasar in the country side of san andreas. It keeps freezing. It always gets to the good part :( and I don't want to delete the game, because I don't want to restart the whole thing.
this is flipping amazing 😭💵🔫😎
Best
💯💯
Super duper awesome
Rockstar purposely updated their gamrs so it wouldn't work on older devices when it used to work fine. can't play Grand theft Auto on my tablet anymore because it won't install from play Store I paid money for the game that I can't even play. I can't play Grand theft Auto San Andreas or gta3 or vice City because of rockstar. If I can't play the games I paid for Rockstar should give me my money back.
Hrt
Its cool
Lots of fun, takes me back to the days of the PS2 and XBOX!
Grove Street 4 Life !
Is very hard control the player and the bottom is to small had to fix the controller is no entertainment play like that made me angry don't have to fun like before fix controller
Still mad that my friend bought this game with my money on the phone but it's a good game not gonna lie but still
Hopefully no more random crashes
Perfect, thanks for updating
Not Bad
Time pass
Fum
Best game to ever come out on ps2 now it's on mobile!! :0
Good but i cant sign up for social club
Nice Game No Lag on My Galaxy Tab E
The graphics are insane on my S9 love it For 6.99$ its a value come on its San Andreas
Best game better than PC games
Great game lovex it when it first came out and still do now u guys need to remaster it like they did the original halo
So very good
I want mod
Best purchase ever made trully loving it just like old times
It kicks me out continuously Please help
Best freely game
Its the best gta old game so far.
Jai parsuram
Just like pc
No lag nothing I can even connect my PS4 controler to it and it works great.
Gta 5
Rockatar games this is a mesaage to you that theres a problem on gta sa the saving! Eachbtime i save it it cant even load the game but hope you get that fixed rg Name Reeses cramp.
Like it alot. Good game.
I committed self deletus
Perfect.
The best game grand theft auto smooth playing rockstar game 😊😊😊👍
It keep kicking me out of the app
OG's love this
i tried to play with my keyboard and started going crazy but i loved the game
when you drive the car it glitches too much
Game is Freaking awsome brings back so many memories
Good graphics, easy control, classic You must buy and download this legend game
Gangsta
Good old fashioned san adreas in my pocket, no crushes so far.
cloths store and second body shop doesnt work
Plays super smooth and good game. That's it. Bad graphical glitches which don't really hinder the gameplay but after about 10 minutes the game crashes and there's no fix. S7 Edge Snapdragon. Edit: They updated it and it actually works on newer phones now
WOW PLAYING A PC GAME ON ANDROID. PLS COULD YOU MAKE GTA 4 OR GTA 5 FOR ANDROID PLEASE
This game is good very very good thanks to ROCKSTAR GAMES
SOO GOOD
Still needs the cheats
love that i can play this game anywhere i want. although hard to get use to the controls and since i am not in a wifi spot and using my phones 4g data it is kinda laggy but other than that it is the same san andreas i love to play.
Good Parsons
Always been a good game
the game is good the controls are great but you can do better on the graphics you should update the graphics so its better and more realistic
Cool game
It's super cool to play it on phone go buy it is worth it.
very buggy the game wants to run smooth but when you turn, you get black screened. also game froze and crashed. I recommend Bully that game runs nice
Now with the add in the beginning before you can play the game has it so I cant pass to move on to start the game can you please help me by removing the add the social club add is stuck where I cant move on to the game itself
THE BEST GAME SINCE MY CHILDHOOD.. I WANTED TO SPEND MY MONEY ON THIS GAME BECAUSE IT IS THE BEST AND WILL REMAIN THE BEST 🥰😍😘
Avesome game downloaded It but it crashed a lot i had a huawei p smart i hope they fixed it
Lags, u shld do smthng its 2020
Best Classic ever but damn sensitivity very slow... if you can just tweak or add some settings to make the vertical and horizontal aim would help alot it would be nice to have regenerative health as well but its ok... just seems limited in some ways... not sure if its just a simple fix or a overcomplicated fix ro even do that...
I had paid for this game and due to storage problem in my phone so i click on refund option but my money is not refunded till now in my bank account
3 stars only because you need to make a great and nice graphics.
Useless.. keep crashing. Wasted my money.
Lovely
This game is very good👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
I can't pimp my ride as the mod garage door won't close while am inside tell me the solution please
Good until you get to the cartolina mission, after it the screen comes on syingg fern ridge and then logs out to my home screen. Pls fix
yeahhh
awesome
great nice reto game
Memories on the go! True nostalgia, I liked this game as a teenager & kid. It's cool to see the graphics are updated as well. The only thing I would suggest, there should more control on the camera angles. All in all it's a great experience definitely worth the money.
The best game i ever played Rockstar games please release even GTA 5 please I will buy and play!!
Banging game obviously, works well on the phone :)
best game ever
Love the game even thou its old
great like normal just like the ps2 but cpntrols r hard to uze
not sure if any of you did something but the game works now and I'm happy if you guys fixed it. this game has everything just together really well and I recommend getting it
good
nice
figuring out how to make the buttons bigger helped alot. if you could make a tutorial on how to do certain things like hydraulics that would be dopppeee
nice game
Did the the first five or six missions about 10 times didn't save once uninstalled unfortunately
controls are nasty
Very good 👌
best game ever as long as it doesn't crash
Just found out that I had to adjust my phone some to get the game running right! It still had a glitch of the graphics fading away after long periods of play, but it only happened once. People tend to fade away here & there, but besides that....great game!! Here's your 5 stars!! 💯💯
good game
won't even download
great port from console, but the aiming and shooting mechanism need to be refined. the control layout is buggy too
best game
excellent story
Its Gta what do you expect
i remeber playing this on the ps2 this looks like it was strate from the ps2 good job rockstar
best ever
the best gta on mobile
i need my refund
Best game of GTA series.
Good
Works good i guess it depends on your phone but mines runs max graphics no lag One thing i notice is the interior in some cars dont appear or if u look back on motorcycles glass you can see the inside of the bike but the game runs good !!
Fantastic Android Game, But Please add some more mission for more advanture.
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻🇮🇹👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👏👏👏😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 i love your game minecraft im Italian
This app is so good it's my favourite game and the updates are really good but I really wish there was emerald amour . And also when you are riding a horse around the place if you decide to teleport somewhere it would be great if you made it so the horse would come with you, thanks. Still my fave tho.👍
Still won't work what a waste of my money
I love this app because I can play with no friend's and it was for 99.35£ so ye
Epic
I love this game 😍
Awesome Game Love It! 😁 IF THEY WOULD FIX THE STUPID BUG!!!
I want a new updatebut its good
BEST GAME EVER i am right no fortnite players creeper aww man
Nice
The new minecraft in my opinion kinda suck by I will still play.
The gamebplays ok but it gets me in my homrpage
it's just good
ILOVE IT
Plain old mincraft
Best game ever!!!!!
plz fix when I purchased it a long time back it was fine, I had to much storage so I deleted it, but when I checked back it said I had it purchased but when I went to re-download it it charged me another $7 T^T so plz help me Edit: THANK YOU SO MUCH ^w^
Oof
Always crash Everytime im open app Always crash Everytime open app
The best game ever beter than fortnight
This game is just exceptional but i had a difficulty opening the app without it crashing.
I love Playing Minecraft
Its a good game and all but it forces me to change skins...i can only use skins that i got from apps once then i have to equip it again...please fix
I love this game it is awsome
Good, just, realy good
The most legit app EVER! This is so worth buying and the graphics are very nice. Keep up the good work MOJANG.
It is even more awesome with the new UPDATE AQUATIC it let's you build beyond your limit up from land, now under water! As along with the sea creatures that come with it. Mojang did a good, long job creating an update like this for us to enjoy. And with that all I have to say is thank you Mojang for putting your time everyday into this update. I know you try to make it more of a fun game for all ages. So thank you, not just for the update, but for creating the game from the very beginning!
I love this game.PUT SHARKS IN😎
why this new update make the game very slow and some item cannot be use properly. Please update i love this game
Mana lagi
A+
Its really fun and I enjoy addons but my game keeps crashing
it is a very fun game i like it because you can join in with your buddies and free to play and there is an herobrine i spotted him a lot in my house and caves so yeah download it pls
I like that the added cats, but I wish they added dogs, but it still kicks me out of the game all the time
this game always kick me out from the world and i cant even play mincraft anymore,fix it!! 😤😤😤😤😤😤😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
Good
Very cool i have it on my ipad and Samsung galaxy s7 and minecraft is really fun
I love Minecraft sooo much because it is great great great sooo much and i like servers play with people it is great sooo soon i will find diamonds soon my Minecraft journey is finding diamonds sooo thank you
Because I made a boys on the server server it is very cool!
Amazing
Fix ur muiltiplayer overall great game Love it
Im really disapointed..i bought the game but it never downloaded.
I don't know why but the keeps crashing when I launch it, I deleted the cache from it and restarted my phone (Galaxy s10) and it's not starting at all. Then when I save in the Neather and log out then try to go my save, it says "Generateing World" and the bar fills up but it just stays there for minutes. I waited 4 minutes to see if it would load my save but I gave on it.
Its the best game eva ✨✨✨✨✨
Why I didn't get my refund
I bought this game from the play store but it says I can't even play because of Licensing error I want my money back now or it fixed
Lllaaalw😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😕😕😕😬😠😡😈😈😈⏰⏰⌛⌛🚯🚱🚰🔯🔚🔜🔛🔙🔝👙👑👙👙👙👙👙
Not good
Il gioco molto carino e fatto bene la cosa che non mi convince è il fatto che non si possano creare le selle e le targhette nome per il resto bellissimo ❤️❤️😋
Everything about minecraft is the best except maybe add baby parrots? Just a suggestion
love it
I LOVE IT SO MUCH IM NEVER BOARD PLAYING IT
Hi i have a problem with minecraft. I can't get into the game it just shows the white screen and then it kicks me out. If this problem is not fixed i want my money back.
Good prank
This with excellent graphics etc so if you are deciding to install and purchase so you can take it
Suggestions for Minecraft Bedrock Edition: Add Ambient Cave Sounds and PS4 Controller Support. Foxes are probably in the beta but I hope the Cave sounds and the controller support will arrive soon!
It's the best game ever
its great! but today i had to double tap to do anything! but so i uninstall the game and reinstalled the app and lost everything.. and i still have to double tap
:) miiiiiinecraaaaft
I love to play it
Just like Minecraft for the consoles kust oj your phone perfect for loading on mobile data but you have to connect to WiFi for multi player
Can you make it so when you install you can make your own user name instead of signing in other then that good.
Hi! I absolutely LOVE Minecraft and I have been playing for 7 Years! I love everything. I have a few suggestions! Please add backpacks! It can go in the chestplate spot to wear it! please add it!Also please add trees and the leaves have to be every colour of the rainbow!AND UNICORNS PLEASE!!! I know it might not be added but please add these things! Also thank you for this awesome building game! and thank you for reading this! I wrote this 2 months ago... TvT
Cool new update
Thank you
Minecraft is really fun, you can be creative as you want to be. Building and surviving all help make it fun to play, which is also a reason why i also use it.
Mega
Hey Mojang, I suggest that you add the bees to bedrock edition.
This game makes it harder then it should be I wish some one did not take over mojang who ever did take over mojang sucks
I couldn't connect with my friends
When is 1.14 coming out on phone
Seru hehe UwU
Poderiam colocar mais alimentos e moveis de decoracao na 1.16 Mais importante plantas e sementes que fazem mais comidas
SO FRICKIN GOOD
The best game I have played ever ❤️
funnest game effer but when is the new update
We all know minecraftes better then fortnite
Great fun personalized
Awesome!!!
Very good game!
Best game ever
Very cool and van
Epi
Good game been playing for a while but I wish they didn't change the leaf texture
Off
So i was a beta tester for 1.13.6, and i couldnt actually test the new features because it kept crashing just before i entered a world.
I love this game but I can't connect to any of my friends games. Please fix this now.
It's taking back what fortnite stole
It says that my server is out of date, but I go to update it and it's already updated!!!!! Bro! Not happy!!!! Also, I joined the beta testers, and I had to get out of it because I wasn't able to play with friends, but my freaking minecraft still says its version 1.13. And I will not re install it, I have too much progress to lose
ummm how do i change my name
Fun
I evol ti
I love minecraft
I love minecraft it is bettter than anytying
Best game ever!!!!
I love it but it keeps kicking me out of the game
Its a well designed game, but there a lot of bugs in the game like when i go under water everything becomes totally black. This is really annoying please fix it. OMG 2 DAYS LATER AND NOW THIS GAME IS EVEN MORE TRASH
FOOD🍹.
I love this game dont get me wrong BUT the gme wont let me play anymore and will keep me on the loading screen!!! Please fix this!
Epic game brofisted me
Nice The new updatebis good still lags tho but gud
This is very good game but is behind pc version 1.12mobile 1.14 pc Its so far back when is new updates plzz whant cave updates and maybe like an other ore lik crystal
Awesome game
It is a great game but when ever I go to open the app it craches
Best game ever
Amazing
I love this game! Plz make Mincraft 2
Things we still need: advanced tooltips, better blocking with shields, more uses with off-hand, and faster updates.
아 에 채 쳐 이 게 쇼케이스에서 채 채 세 헤 헤 헤 채 채 탁월해 양도세 허리
Good
Mojang someone is hacking it a 9 ys he is in grade 4
Best everrer
The Best Game I've Ever Played it is So Much Fun But there's a bug with realms when my realm gets updated 1v higher then me i can't work on it offline mine version is 1.12.0 right now and it's saved as 1.12.1 so I'm super confused?! :-\
i cant refund my money why?
I can't sign in
Minecraft is a fun app you cane mack frinds and a mack home you cane have pets and explaer! And is on my Xbox one s is soper cool play if you relly need to be cool 😎
It was good update.Good job
Great game
Is the best game ever is amzimg youll love it
😎🙌
The mobile port of one of the greatest games games of all time.
Please update banner on shield please
Just a nice game in general.
Super gra i fajnie że można grać na niej z przyjaciółmi
such a great game!!!!
God tier
i spend days building something and then it says 'cant load world' it finally loads and everythings gone including my diamonds and everything id worked on the world's still there but every block ive placed and broken is not
It's so amesing
It pays so much and I can't even move so I had to delete it and install it again but it never works
Im back on a phone my dead aunt gave me 2 years ago minecraft is popular and I have it on pc,tablet,phone,xboxone,360 its fun :-) :-)
This game is fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔴🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Its great except when loading into a realm sometimes there are holes and i fall out of the world
This is the best game you will ever download.
ummmm cant open minecraft
When I got in this game and created a world with the most HARDEST buildings in my life they disappear and I saved them I don't recomend this game to any people who are looking it's not worth it
Ok, so its fun but one problem when I go on to play my world it is there but all of my old world's are there and my new world, but if I play on a world there is a cross kinda like this × but in the middle of my screen and I can't play it because the moving around thing and jump button aren't there for some reason it used to happen every 4 or so days but now it's every few minutes. Please please please tix it. I hope you fix it because it annoying me so so so much now, I thought is was an update.
5 if java edition in Mobile
Awesome.
I love itttt!!!!sooo muchh
A great, fun game. However, they still refuse to fix multiple bugs that literally plague Bedrock Edition. Just watch silentwhisper on YouTube and you'll get the picture. Also, every time I click on a world, I either get kicked automatically to the world selection screen, or the game crashes. This happens every time, an is becoming increasingly annoying. This didn't happen 2 months ago, but it is now. Every update seems to bring more bugs than it fixes. Please do something for my favorite game!!!
Minecraft - Mojang
it is amazing game i wod highly recer mend!😁😋
It'was a very good game ilove it try it now
Unstressed
hard to open it
I love the blocky stuff.
This is terrible don't bye
vvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrryyyyyyyyyy bbbbbbbbbbeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssttttttttttt ggggggaaaaaaammmmmmmmeeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeevvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrr 😃😃😃😃😃😊😊😊😊😊😁😁😁😁😁😆😆😆😆😆😉😉😉😉😉😉😌😌😌😌😌😏😏😏😏😏
I loveee ittttttt
It a good game but I wish we had command blocks
I LOVE I play Minecraft every day but there's adverts now randomly?like
It's good game but when does 1.15 come out on PE ?
I love the mine cruft i learned is how to be responsible and make manny hous
The best game I suggest all of you guys to buy
Noice
hello minecraft
The app keeps closing itself. And it's not my device cause it happens on other devices I own too
Great game
Keeps signing me out of my xbox live account...
It's amazing but I don't like it crashing.
pp
Every time i want to play it says there was a problem#@%&
I love this game. 😍
Can you add tornados and natural disasters
...... fortnight sUcks
经常打开程序就闪退啊 。。
Love this game
I lik it Yeye
I love this game because of the amazing graphics. I mainly play Java Edition, but I would play this a whole lot more if the marketplace didn't require actual money. I dont know how to get minecoins otherwise. If there is another way of getting minecoins, it'd be better.
My favorite my most interesting game of all time #1Payed game
I just pure love the game so much that I like to travel in the world and create stuff like dirt and wood and other things that I like to do and raid mansions and pillaged outposts that why I did 100000 out of 10
Can u ad glass doors pls amd more mobs
i love this game. Its so addicting. Should totally get it.
Godcraft
stop it Alex l kill you
I love the game so much
This game gives me nostalgia and I will always be a Minecraft player this blocky world is great.
Add foxes ;-;
I used to love minecarft and played it all the time but now hate it cuz you cant play with friends when your useing data!!
Its dope microsoft.. but plsssss! Fix some bugs and release the newest version!
Allow creativity to flow around you, letting you create your own world. Best Game Ever!!!
i'm stuck on the beta, I left the beta but every time I reinstall minecraft it's the beta version
This has made me happy
Uhm It took me forever to get the app and my xbox and microsoft account and I was super excited to finally be able to play but when i opened minecraft there was the opening screen.. The the app just closed. I'm really ticked because it keeps doing that and idk how to fix it. I havent even been able to play yet! Help?!?!
you know how you fix a glitch that deleted maps and skins from the store by making it so we could save them on X box well you should of somehow got rid of it because after the last update it got worse and now it doing a lot more than deleted maps and skins if you don't fix it soon we might have to say goodbye to Minecraft
This game is broken it never lets me enter my wourld Microsoft ur game is broken can u plz fix it coz we payed money for it
1.12 Update Doesnt let me join any realm or server please fix this it just keeps closing the app
Play it everyday
The gameplay and everything else is Excellent but The Controls are really something to get use to, otherwise, 4 stars for me, you need customization for the H.U.D in terms of both; Buttons And Position, PS ADD A CROSSHAIR OPTION, having to constantly jump between the fixed buttons and tapping/holding the center of the screen makes Immersive Gameplay, Offputting, but Tolerable & all else is great! Get those Options IN! - Thank You.
Game keeps crashing.... It aint my end
Great game
So im having a problem where i join a server like MineVille and the chat wont show up but i can type, no matter if i put the opacity to 100 or change Xbox live settings, can anyone help??
Its sooooo goood i luv da pandas
Why won't you let me play why 😭
It's Minecraft that's all I need to explain
Minecraft on other platforms is the best game ever But on mobil well...it sucks
Pls Fix This Game because when i tap it it will crash
It's good and all but It just needs more content and wildlife in the game and more biomes and realms and other stuff in the game.
Been playing for years, still love it. If you run out of things to do in minecraft then its you. Not the game.
I Love it
Umm apparently you didn't remove the bug because it won't work
I love minecraft, played it on my desktop back in high school. Thought I'd download for some nostalgia. However, the app crashed after I pressed "create" my new world and every time I open the app after that it crashes immediately and I'm back at my home screen. After reading recent reviews I'm not the only one. I am upset cause I've never purchased an app before now and this is how it's going for me. I want my 7 bucks back! Will rate better once problem is fixed.
Epic
Paul you want a 2 minutes drive away wjghthyihu higjyug
Good I get my own world
I love Minecraft, it is very interactive, you can let you creativity roam, and I get to play with my friends and sister all the time. Minecraft is a must have app.
Im sick of this game now. Everytime i try to open it it does not respond and closes. Sometimes when it does opens i am not able to create a server. Then if i want to join a server then i says i am not logged in. So when i log in the game says problem loading the server. When i try to change the skin of my avatar (custom), the game always says thats not a skin. I am not able to join other server. Im not able to create other server, i am not able to log in, and the game stops working !
CREEPER AWW MAN, SO WAY BACK IN THE MINE GOT MY PICKAXE SWINGIN FROM SIDE TO SIDE, SIDE, SIDE SIDE TO SIDE, THIS TASK ITS A GRUELING ONE HOPE TO FIND SOME DIAMONDS TO NIGHT, NIGHT, NIGHT, NIGHT, NIGHT, NIGHT, NIGHT!!!!!!1!!!!11!!!
Fortnite SUCKS
I play it all the time i always play it after School its SOOO cool yoy can play in survivle or creative mode just try it you will love it as soon as you get it :)
It's good, including the memes within it but everytime I play on any device, it crashes alot and it's really frustrating because I want to have the best gameplay throughout whilst I play with my friends or anyone online.
Best game ever
boiiiii too good notch too good you too jeb so awesome i finally have something to do after school yes!!
I like the bees some things i have to say thi are pe always takes so long yo get something pc just got like so long also make an actual dungeon like a mob dungeon like adventure time also a cave update but still sideways slabs new structures more with the lore of minecraft like how theres sunken houses
BLUESTONE!!!
Minecraft is awesome
BEST GAME EVER
good game but I got a problem every time I try to get in it kicks me out and I gotta uninstall for it to work its anoying ive seen reviews that have rhis problem PLEASE fix it
Dahil kay pewds kaya 5 star
Cool minecraft love your games
Keeps kicking me out
Its laggy it doesnt work good and you cant even refund it edit: i purchased a 5 dollar item from the shop and it didnt even give it to me
Get rid of the xbox I hate it it's not a good idea and the game not good at all so much lag
It's actually a great game! The game is sometimes challenging but the challenge is what make games fun :>. <3
The Best Game I Have Played In My Life. The Survival Mode Is Awesome. And The Addons Are Amazing Too. And Creative Mode I Love It I Love Building Awesome Buildings. Five Stars * * * * *
Cool game 😎
awesome worth the 9.99
This has given an entire purpose in all of Video Game Life. This has been my #1 Favorite Game since I was 4.
Bugrock
I cant load ANY resource packs! If one of my save files has a texture pack it will NOT load whatsoever!! Only if I have no resource packs on which sucks. I hope its fixed with the next update because it SERIOUSLY sucks.
I WORKED SO HARD ON MY BASE AND THE WORLD IT'S ON SAYS"There was A problem loading this world" WHY?! PLZ FIX
The best game ever
so good
It's the best all u have to do is pay and it's not bad
it is awesome yaahhhhhh
Love
Good
Good game
None of the packs I've bought are working anymore. This started today.
I CAN'T PLAY IT ENEY MORE CUZ YOUR MOD PACKS
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Creeper? Aw Man!
Nnn
I love Minecraft but I just got it today and it is glitching out on me and I can't get on the game :(
Cool fun
Pretty cool... just I accedently added a scam addon and now I can't play 😒😒😒
Good
Do not by
It's awesome you get to to what you want and to be creative and you can get pets
👍👌😀😀😀 i like it
Sooooo fun I've been playing sense 2012 and never left after it stopped being good. Soooooooooooo oooooooo much fun to make world's with friends. But over get this game. It's worth the 10$
This is a really good game
I want my money back like I can't do anything on it I got it a week ago and it's not working for me
Fix the bug now
I love this game, but Mojang, Pleas and mineraft for chromebook, I have a controller for the chromebook, so plaese add minecraft for chromebook, PLEASE
Love the game i cant wait untill bees and foxes come out i was kinda sad when i could not sign in to xbox
Fun and cool 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
Good
When I click on the minecraft logo, it opens up a white screen and does nothing. I close the app and reopen it. It again goes onto a white screen. Ive paid £6.99 for an application that shows me what the colour white is. Quite a bit dissapointed considering my phone was made early 2018 and has the power to launch and run the game very well. I hope you can find a way to fix this as i do want to play this game with friends but are unable to because of this faliure to open or do anything.
Creeper aww man
the game keeps crashing and will freeze on the menu,game selecter, settings,ect.
This app is way better than roblox and any other best game in history
Minecraft is one of the games I have been playing since I got into the gaming world. It really is nice but the game crashes five times before i can get into the game.I hope the devs can fix this.
Its awsome and it has mods BUT... I HATE LAG!!!!!!!!
It's a really fun game I prefer survival over creative it's just more of a challenge and more fun.
Can you have it on ps4 and Xbox because my friends play on ps4.
I love Minecraft but Im just wondering will the new bee update come to pocket edition?
I💖 this game
Will not open.
Best game ever
This game is my favorite survival game
It's cool thin fortnite
I like your app!
Finally got it to work
Its awsome
Can't sign into Realms, haven't been able too for 4 days now....you guys should fix this
So amazing I played this game all summer and I'm still playing it has good graphics and new features since last time I played
I like it
5 stars, no explanation needed.
Gud
hi Minecraft i need help i dont have a account on minecraft but i got sailors something a game in minecraft and i got and app to get mods and made minecraft brek for me i uninstalled the app and reinstalled but i lost sailors game and now i really dont have money to get it back..please help me..
The greatest game in existence!!!
So, I was playing this and then my Username changed to WittedWings.. And My user was xXwxlfyXx.. Please fix this! And then ill rate this 5 Stars!.. It happend again! Please fix this gitch its very annoying.. :(
Its the best game ever
Cool and awesome
Its the only game that made its makers millionaires. Survive and conquer!
Minecraft keeps kicking me out
This is the funest game i ever play in my how 11 yars
I started playing this game approximately one month ago. My child happened to see me playing the game and the next day she was pregnant. its hard to believe that this is a coincidence, I am in the process of suing Microsoft for impregnating my 6 yr old child. but the gameplay wasnt that gay so I rate it.
Blocks
Best game ever, I like to let my creativty run wild!
When I open it crashes and takes me back to my home screen and I have to open a hole bunch of times for it to work good game though PLEASE FIX IT MOJANG
Minecraft oyunu çok güzel
This is the best game ever
It's really fun I can play online and play with my friends
Love it
I love this game I like that you can do things that you can't do in real life 😛😃
Niob
Please fix the command blocks and end portals that we can build
Could there be a better game? No. Simple. And it doesn't matter how old you are.
Ive found so much lava where you could find diamonds and i havent found a SINGLE diamond FIX IT how many lava places? 10-20. Coordinates 16 something
I HATE IT WHEN IT SAYS THAT THE WORLD CANT LOAD UP UGH :-(
Its an AMAZING all-around game, would highly recommend.
This game is so good
I realy liked the game you can make allmost anything
Read the title
This is the best game ever i love it and its way better than fortnite plus fortnite will never stand a chance on trying to beat mincecraft on popularity
I would do 0 stars but that wasnt an option I tried to play mincraft furniture modern but every time I tried it said not a world so I had to deleate the world then it wouldent even let me re-download the world🤬
Best game ever
It good Bruh moment
I have this game on xbox one and its trash when I try to load in it says syncing user data and never loads until this gets fixed it's a one star for me
Minecraft has this screen reader thing that, Pretty much never turns off! Minecraft I, We need u to fix this, Its annoying! Y'all are stupid putting this in. You can't scroll down or do anything when it's on and that's ridiculous!😡 The reason I'm putting a Five star rating is because over all you guys are AMAZING. This game is very entertaining and I can't sleep because it's so amazing. It's not like FORTNITE, I don't play fortnite as much as I play Minecraft. Please try this game out😊😊
The best game bit laggy on the samsung s7 though
I loved the game! i played with my brother but i couldnt play severs, one day my mother signed me in! so now i could play servers! but the next day after being signed in.. i couldnt join. it kept saying mincraft has stoped everytime the screen turned white, i finally got in! but i knew i bought a skin pack, but it WASNT there!then i realized i wasnt signed in, so i pressed the sign i button and kicked me out!now i realized that there go's 6.99 dollers to waste.i cant ever join now.plz fix mojang.
So fun and cant wait for Minecraft Earth
Yeeeeee
Fun and good
Og
This game is so epiccccc :)
ITS FUN NOT BAD ITS PRETTY GOOD
Cool
minecraft is the best. periodt. (obviously better than fortnite). if you dont play minecraft your poor. sorry.
Ummm I'm very confused because I got it for free lol I'm not joking!
Im always playing this game and i love it soooo much i just dont know how to update the game so ya i want to know how to update the game, but other than that its a amazing game and it was so worth the money.
This game is awesome, I've been playing for 3years
So cool that's all :p
The perfect game to play with friends or alone. You can create what you want and do what you want! If destruction is your thing they got it if creation is your zone go do it! Minecraft is out of all one of the best games in my opinion. Check it out for yourself download it now! Disclaimer I am not working for or with Mojang this is a honest review from a big fan of Minecraft.
Very epic
it very fun now i downaled the apk one in google and it was boring you couldnt play with friend but now that my i bought a card i bought it and its way funner also i can now play with friends
PewDiePie
Awesome building experience
اتبن
10/10
i hate it me and my brother have xfinity wifi and cant play together itll say unable to connect to world we can only play relams and servers
Best. Game. Ever.
Love it
This is a good game I've been play it since it came out it had really improved, and has more mobs and blocks and I love some of them the only problem is, that there's no mods and if there is you have to pay for them, they still have mods but I cant pay for them because I don't know how but I'll learn. But It's a really fun game and I recommend it.!!!!
Its really fun but recently When i go to play and i get onto one of my worlds it kicks me out of the game completly
Nice
😛😛😛😛😛😙😙😙😙
It's the best game ever this year
So I have to press everything 3 times to get it to work so please fix this and other than that its amazing
Reeeeeeeeeeeee³
Kids taught me how to play and we have tons of fun with this game as a family.
Good
It's axiom
If i hadnt used a ps4 controller to play the game id give it 4 stars. Mostly out of nostalgia. I mean.. Man.. The controls are so bad..
Super awesome game. Few glitches but definitely better than in 2016 lol
good but laggy
i love this app i mean game
Im stuck on the Loading Screen and I have left the minecraft application on for 15 minutes and it is still stuck on the loading screen. Does anybody know how to fix this problem? Thanks!
I love mine
Great game but the current version is 1.14 and i only have 1.12. Pls help me there is no update button
Love this game but my wifi is bad so I have to tune my wifi off so please fix this
THIS NEW UPDATE IS SUCKS! ONE STAR!!! 😡😡😡😠😠😠
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍,Minecraft needs 🌋🗻⛰🏔🎸🖥🎧💻📽🔦🕯🔍📱🎹🎤🎬🏫🐸⏰⌚🌈☂️💺
Well done for getting the top spot again! People are coming because of nostalgia I guess, but I am coming back because I recently played Survival on my friend's account and I remembered how fun it is. Don't get me wrong, I first played it when I was around 8. 5 years older. But I think my version back then was 1.8, so coming back is a new experience. Thank you for the updates! I love them so much!
its cool i have youtube videos about it my channel is called funtime endo check it out but minecraft is awesome
Cool
I loved minecraft and played for 3 years now but, until you did that last update now it says that i can only use my skin in only 1 world and i have 7 and when i try to invite my friends it wont let my game be multi-player. This is sad so plzz fix it!
I love it so fun
minecraft is the best
I can't join my friend because were not using the same wifi. Is there anyway to by pass this
I love the game and all but, I lost all my worlds and got a world that isnt even my own world please fix it
Minecraft is the best but I don't like the update but I still like Minecraft I have been playing for 2 years
great game
Great
Fix your game smh skins keep resetting on launch and 50% of the time I can't join other people's worlds after I disconnect and nobody ever was able to join my worlds
Fun
It's an amazing app but o dont know how to get rid of a realm
Its not java edition >:((((((((((((((((((((((((
Good
I love this app
Grandson loves it
When ever i get out of mincraft i have to uninstall and reinstall just to play again!
This is one of the best games in the world I play it alot and I've been playing since 2017 I really recommend this game to anyone who love games this game will make you feel good.
Best game
Can You add a new biome thats called a Prehistoric biome and it has lots of dinosaurs? For example Velociraptors, Tyrannosaurus Rex, Pterodactyl, Mosasaur, Spinosaurus, etc. The Pterodactyl Can Pick You Up too?
SUPER COOL
Good
Please add foxes :(
What the hell have you done to this game. It just crashes on a new spec phone. What I'm guessing is partly due to Microsoft sign in what's a mess. Terrible and unplayable
Pretty good but not backward compatible
Aww man
I hate it then I love it then I hate it
So behind on updates...
I love the new update but can you please update the phone so that the other people's can put flag on there shield please.
I dont even have words for this bootiful game.
Good game but how comes I can't connect my ps4 controller to this game
perfect game. been playing for years :D
Just yes
I love it
Sooooooòooooooooooooooooooooooioiioooooooo good
This is awsome I love it
Creeper, aww man.
The beeeeessssssssstttttttt
Best game ever!
I love this game. It is the best game I have ever played and I am still playing it to this day. It has a wide variety of blocks that you can use to create anything and everything that you want. The community is amazing. If you go on YouTube there is a wide variety of content creators like Mumbo Jumbo, Grian, DanTDM and Ssundee. You can learn alot about the game because there is a wiki and it has just passed its ten year mark. Live on minecraft and be the best game that the world has ever seen!!!
Unnecessarily keeps on crashing
I like the gameplay, art style and the continuing updates to the game, however when I played on an older device it would crash when trying to log into xbox live. The only way this resolved was by buying a newer device
I love ut bexuse unspekable plays it
Best
bt:, stuff I'll do hem do url dial
Very fun game! Would recommend. I stopped playing, but I still like it
That is so cool I play it everyday. have even stop sense
best
Really good
Constantly crashes
FU this game is not prvite
very excited to get this it is such a good game
Its great
I'm pissed cause it wont even let me play yesterday it wouldnt even let me play at all now it not letting me access my own account i just want to play on my realm but apparently it's to hard for you guys. I've been trying to get on my realm for the last for days but it just wont load and it wont let me wear my skin to servers that I've bought if I try to copy my realm it wont work again and the problems started the day I got minecraft on my phone thanks for stealing my money
favorite game of all time
Its god
Loved the gaje and everything about it!
New 1 .15 update yet?
How can one not rate mc 5 stars , best game ever
bug report: game keeps asking to change character skin even though it's the default skin when loading a saved file, each time after starting the app
LOVE IT SOOOOOOO MUCH JUST WANT ACHIEVEMENTS TO GIVE YOU MINECOINS
Best game I have ever played. There is so much fun and fun will be doubled in multiplayer.
Maynkraft lang malakas
I love this game
Everything is 100% pls just fix the crashing
OMG I LOVE THIS GAME!!! It cost money on android, like 7.99, but its worth it! So much cool stuff!!
Very bugged :D
It was good for a bit, until it continuously kicked me out of the game. I mean to the extent that I couldn't even ENTER the game. It gets better after a week, but then it kicks me out again. Please fix this bug.
I hate minecarft
So there's a glitch on the small world's, I CAN'T LOAD THEM. And the worst thing is, IT'S ONLY ON SMALL WORLD'S. Pls fix this so I can do more greifing projects.
Cool
Minecraft is relevant god damnit
Phone says Minecraft purchased but it wont load.
Nice
How I make multiplayr in mincraft
i love it
I've been playing this game for like 7yrs and it keeps getting better but I would have liked the cave update
Not sure if it was just me but i typically play on consle so i tried downloading the mobile to play on the go. I joined my realm same as usual but on mobile and i fell through the world and died is this something thats common or one time? And is there anyway to get my stuff back that fell into the void
Good
it's a game that brings out passion.
I love it
WHY AM I 3RD PERSON MODE WHILE ON MOBILE
I need help it wont let me get onto the app it keeps going off please help
Vary fun when your on 7 hour drives
It's an good app it's fun and that it's just that I cant download it and I only have two games and idk why it won't load well ima keep trying! >:3
Could be updated more often
I love minecraft and unspeakable GAMING is the best of all the youtubers!!!👌👌👌🎁🎁🎊🎊🎂😄🌧️😌😄😃😱💩🎉🤔🎂😱💁🎂😱
Really love this game thanks to mojang.
It's suck i like this game but i want to play multiplayer but i can't sign in x_box live there is no other option for play multiplayer Minecraft i have play 300 world in Minecraft i know everything about Minecraft i only play creative mode because it's not fun playing singelplayer survival Minecraft i request whoever made this game let me play multiplayer please please pleaseee In youtube i see is admin,owner and Notch Is it true i don't know but i request you please let me play multiplayer
This game is the best game ever😄
Ok
Great.. I love thia game
I live this game Great stylistic graphics Great functionality and nearly glitch free Great fun What could you ask for from a goid game this game doesn't have?
I love it so much
I realy hate who ever made this game every time I sign in it doest friken work
It an awesome game but on my device EVERYTHING is blue and blue becomes red 😃😃😃
Very nice
Literally the best
It is a awesome consept but all the servers ping's are very high because I am in South Africa and pls add bees
Minecraft is better than fortnite
Where are the bees at
i love this game it's worth to buy it, it's kinda hard to play but it's fun !
I love playing it because it's a good game
Can you make it as online gaming that use our internet data to play online
I love this game and its been my favorite game for years! (we were playing in my world) But my little brother has been having this problem where when he pauses then resumes his game, there was a hole in the ground, he went into the hole then it was like he was suffocating I went over and saw it was perfectly normal he paused the game again then the hole was filled but the world had turned into pink and black, he had no mods or resource packs, please fix this :(
Hi Mojang, I just bought the game and whenever i try to open the app it always shuts down can u help me fix it? Thank you
Amazing
Nice
No lagging on latest version
Nothing to say, just brilliant game. Keep it ☝
And i oop sksksks
Epic gamer
great game It let's you be creative and have a game where you have to survive. Where you can have pets and play with you're friends. Although, the game is very lagging when I load the game and open a world please five thins! And I do have some suggestions thy should have dogs like they have cats. So for the people who likes dogs better then cats they have to have wolves while other have cats. This is the only reason why I gave thing have a 4 star rating. Other than that this game is worth 7$
It's really fun and add in 🐝 bees Plz
fav game 💕
It sucks
This app is awesome I recommend this app
I buy this game but it's crash again and again 😭😭😭😡😡😡
I really enjoy this game. It tests your creativity and skills in building and crafting
I'm l
Every time I go on Minecraft it kicks me out to the home screem. Please fix this or give me a refund
Best game evere
Fun
When i try to buy a template it said payment secessful but i wouldn't let me have the template i give this app a big thumb down😠😠😡😡😡👎👎👎
Good game
Creeper. Aww man
I LOST ALL MY WORLDS WHICH I PUT LOADS OF EFFORT INTO AND I HAVE TO START 
AGAIN .... LIKE IF IT HAPPENED TO YOU
Like minecraft is look like REAL LIFE. 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🤗🤗As-in lindot kaayo wish nako naay new update.
PLEASE FIXE MINECRAFT MULTIPLAYER PLEASE IT SUCKES I CAN NOT PLAY WITH MY BROTHER.
❤️
I suck it keep on crasing
ITS BACK!
Minecraft is better than fortnite
Very fun. One of the best games ever made😉
Im want anvil can used for crafting a tools! Im will give you 5 star!
Best game ever created and that's a fact.
Its minecraft god dammit
It's a amazing game, but when I go into a game my control how I walk and jump doesn't show so I have to keep deleting the app and getting the app back every Singel time I hope you fix it (Moblie)
This truly is the most significant Sandbox game
Ive been playing since i was little but every time i go into the end, it crashes in survival and creative. Please fix this because before i never crashed before nor had any bugs
The kids love it. . .
olà 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 😂
Iplay the game really really good but is not boring if you play it cuz you need to find dimen and so many stuff there you need to build a hous you to find a food and you can in under water there is someting there but watch out a drowend in the oshen is deep Ok
Pls relis the 1.15 and 1.13
Its make us know bulding, redstone and Everything else
Luv thee game broo new updated not as boring no more
I love Minecraft !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was a cool and wierd that i could use any block but its cool
Much kids don't know this but this game use to be called cave game
10 years. I have been playing this game for 10 years. It is simply the best sandbox out there.
Best ever!!
Super fun
Can u add the ability to make servers plz cause i want to start my own server but idk how T.T
Awsome
It is awesome i play with my friends while talking on discord its the best game ever but dont have bees yet or a cave update
I HATE YOUR GAME SO MUCH, I KEEP GLITCHING BECAUSE MY SCREEN GOES IN ONE AREA, i have four words to say... I Hate Your Game
When are they going to add foxes?
So many bugs pls fix
Love it. Not just saying that either. I have made many friends through this game, and very few games offer as much freedom and creativity in such a diverse way. I recommend this wholeheartedly. :D
I absolutely LOVE Minecraft! I do warn that some types of mods can mess the game up, don't worry about that if you just want to have a good time! it's a great game and I would recommend it to everyone!
:) fun
I havent played
Its funny how the description talks about how this game is for children. I'm 25 and have been playing Minecraft since its early days on the PC. I still thoroughly enjoy it.
It is a good game
Muito bomb
I have loved this game for years and i cant wait until the next update yayyy
perfect where are the beeeeees
Wow i really like it i can join servers and join friends and i can even explore thx for showing dis app!!!!
Well at least you can refund It
fun lots of thing to do build survive good graphics mula mula
Stoped
It is the best But the graphics should be like the PC version
This is the best game ever
I LOVE THIS GAME!!!! I have been playing this game for around 4yrs now and have never once gotten bored playing it. If i could rate this on a 1-10 scale it would be a 9.
This game is great
Gooood
It is very slow to load in and it doesn't let me in, I have to try multiple to enter the game.
Good ah!
Good game, but receives low rating due to the fact that I played it 3 times, and it now crashes every time without even loading to the main menu, rendering it useless
Good game
I played for six years now
Love it
My fav game🥰
it is so dum and I hate it so much DON'T PLAY IT IT IS SO DUM I HATE MINCRAFT SOOOOOO MUCH IT IS SOOOO DUME DON'T PLAY IT IT IS SOOOO DUME BACUSE all of my friends world's I can not go to any of them and I can not update it at all SO DUME AND DON'T PLAY IT !!!!!!!!!
i loved all of the updates keep the updates going
Cool
It's muck better then the last time i didn't update it😁😁😁
Cool
Game is boring
🖕
i like games like this
Cool Because you can play online and do other things I build mansions
Just needs to fix multiplayer
This app is amazing😇😇😇👍👍👍👌👌👍
i love minecraft and i think you guys should add foxes and rainbows when it is done storming weather make the rainbow out of stained glass add a cute creacher
Gucci
Please make an option to transfer worlds set from "Application" to "External"
Good
So i would do a five star but i want the bees and foxs there not in the game for us and i speek for every one when i say this
Minecraft is by far the best game I've ever played in my life!!!
It is awesome.
hey this game suck i cant change my skin now im stuck with the steve skin
YAAS
This game is INCREDIBLY FUN
100000000000/2
It used to be good but now its bad because not saving my worlds and i have enough storage in my phone & my phoneis not that old
The game is amazing but I don't like the control
It's so cool you can break wood with your fist
Great i just wish i could get a dragon mod
Hate this game THE GAME DELETED ONE OF MY MAPS THAT TOOK ME ALL SCHOOL TO MAKE AND THEN SIGNED ME OUT OF MY XBOX LIVE ACCOUNT. I WOULD NOT PLAY THIS GAME ANYMORE IF YOU PAYED ME TO PLAY IT
Best game ever The game allows you to adventure and create endlessly
I like minecraft because i like to dye soup
Best game ever
I love it you should do it were we can have food and a kichen
great game
Its awesome Dont think I'm a adult I'm just a kid on my mom's account
I love this came who ever made this i love you you are the best i mean literaly i play this like every day
Good game, but it needs Hardcore mode. When I click the app to play it crashes instantly. I clicked something in the mobile interface that said something like "Touching only affects hotbar" and then it crashed.
It good And 🤔
I am giving Minecraft a 5 star rating because it is a very cool game and you get to interact with others in the game and build houses and building it the game that is why I am giving minecraft a 5 star⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ rating.
Keeps saying itbcant prove i purchased it which I have had it for 3 years ike what's going on why I can't open it
The game it's self is fun but it lags a lot and tries to scam you after going on a server
i try to open it but it usually bring me to the home page.
It's an awesome game for kids and for kids learning but I wish they had more food and furniture.
Amazing
Its fun and u guys should make the servers free and new maps free for 5 months and then make it pay minecoins and make an option as auto build and u look at the pic and then u select it and then tap or click to make apear
The game is great but I transferred phones and now I have to pay 6.99 again, is there any way I can fix this.
Why it won't load this is so unfair This is going to be a bad game Play 😐😑😡😠😤😲
cool
Good
The dyed lather clothes the color shows up white and doesn't fix over time please fix or let me know how ro fix it myself.
Its fun
GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK, I DOWNLOADED THIS ON MY PHONE AND IT DOESNT WORK! IT TOOK MY MONEY GIVE IT BACK!
I love this game is the best game I've ever played but I just wish they had an official Pixelmon mod for it and if the developer read this can you please make a mod for Pixelmon?
Great
it wont let me play the world
My older brother didin`t know what uninstall ment and lost all his world's and builds. I want mojang to give his stuff back.☹
Please, i want dat foxes please update as soon as you can thanks ❤
It doesn't work
It is so awesome
uwu
Minecraft sucks
Love the game
Cool
It is not fortnite
One word...Amazing
Fun
Thank you.
Minecraft
Best Game Ever❤❤❤
it doesn't work it get frozen and then it takes me back to my home screen
Help me it's always logging me out so fix it please
It won't let me in
Just bought it and it has lot of bugs and glitches. Please fix
I made a secret base and it's awsome my little sister can't even find it I gave her the easiest hint and still hasn't found. Also thanks to a YouTuber (Grian) I can do alot with the campfire and know alot of pranks. I recommend this app and rate it five stars I hope this is useful. P.S. It's worth the $7.00 USD
This is a classic game and the fact that you added servers instead of having us put in the ip address rly helps
epic
This game is good but when i try to open it, it just closed and i rage SO DAMN HARD.
i really enjoy this hame but it makes me SO MAD THAT WHEN YOU TYPE IN A REAL USERNAME ITS SAID Oh no blah blah blah type the rest of the gamer tag ITS ANNOYING YOU NEED XBOX FOR EVERYTHING ALSO! I CANT GET XVOX BECAUSE OF STUFF ON MY PHONE AND IT WONT LET ME FRIEND MY FRIEND IN REAL LIFE! Annoying!
MINECRAFT IS THE BEST GAME IN THE WORLD OF TIME PLS MAKE ME ADD FURNITURE AND... SWINGS! MINECRAFT NEEDS OUT-SIDE FURNITURE! Pls add it. IM BEGGING MOJANG! Now... or else... MINECRAFT IS DESTROYED. My comment is done. Now bye.
Aw man
Awesome
Awesome game but every other day it will close and go to my homepage. Can you help?
So far I can't leash dolphins like the Wiki says, othet than that, pretty good.
Minecraft
Is a classic favorite games
Minecraft is. So better then fortnite!
Its not good evey time i go play it did not let me FIX IT!
Give us the bees
It's a really good and nice game! Keep Up The Good Work! 😁
To good i cant explain
Best Game EVER!!
This game is awesome
I like exploring and i built a mansion already and i built a mansion for my brother
Cool
You can't even play it because it says it appears you don't have a license 
make sure you have downloaded Minecraft from the store.
Its the best time killer 🧡
Yeet
it's fun when you start but then once you've done everything it's boring so my nephews have been playing games that get updates every week they say they want more updates so they can have more ways to build and have fun! if you can update more than normal that would be great!
I love minecraft. I have it on ps3, xbox 360, switch, and phone and it is awesome
Good
Tatty ya
Amazing
I love minecraft but it is so laggy on Android.
Good
It fun
Can there be five nights at freddys sever please!
I love minecraft so much
The game keeps crashing, it won't let me generate worlds, keeps deleting my old ones, and when I try to go to another's world it won't pop up. It even glitches sometimes after force stopping the app because of so much problems. I rated this a 5, two years ago. Clearly it has gone downfall from that. Please help me, I have no idea what to do. I really want to fix this because I know how well and enjoyable this app is. I love this app. It sucks if it doesn't work forever. Thank you!!!
Such a fun sandbox game, I love all the possibilities
Pls put A ROLLERCOASTER PLS PLS......
Minecraft is the best game ever. Like ever. You must download. For watersheep.
It is a amazing i i i i i i love it ❤️ it makes me smile🙂 and my brother loves it to it is the only game he plays😃
Its great but the bugs and glitches are annoying even if it says various bug fixes,it still needs more work.
Sup dude
I have license error
Fun game that you can spend hours playing
Solo gente chida juega
Es lo mejir de la vida
I love it but can you add bees,butterflies,furniture,birds,more food,more sweets,candy,rotten food,fruits,more weapons,more heads, and foxes on android because I have a Samsung tablet and if you do thanks.
i love it but i would love it more if you would add alot more mobs and update it more but over all i love it
The best😁😁😁
I just think its a good game
Mabey a update to add more things like more livestock
Amazing for fun get add-ons on a app called add-ons for mods a well
So fun
I love this game
Why doez it keep kiking mr out
LIGIT BEST GAME
Do not get this, waste of money. For about a month it was not letting me on, and just now I finally got on it to find a screen that says, License error, we are having trouble knowing you have minecraft on this device. What?! I have had this game for at least 2 years, and spent money on it! Why is this happening?! Oh and also I have seen other reviews explaining how terrible it works on Android devices. One star until fixed!!!!
Best game ever!!!!!😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😸😸😸😸🙃🙃🙃☺😹😹🌞😹😺😺😺😹😄😹😊😄😸🙃🏷🏷📃😺🙃 But issue my colors are RED AND PINK FOR SOME ODD REASON
I Love To Enjoy This Video Game I Rate 5Stars Heck Ya Minecraft You Are The Best.
The best game ever. I think there should be more amour and blocks
It wont work and its geting me mad
Real fun<3
sensational
So amazing I can play minecraft everywhere!🤩😺❤
Great when it wants to work, have a hard time loading into my realm, gets stuck on generating terrain. Not sure if it's due to using the Chroma Hills texture pack, but the game constantly freezes up while playing. Not to mention constant crashes. I expected as much on my old S7 Edge, but after upgrading to the Note 10+ and still having issues, I know now that it's the game that's poorly optimized for mobile. Oh and I can't seem to fly off the ground with fireworks like I can on PC using elytra.
Great
Op
Great
Would be better IF WE HAD BEES
the new update is 👌
The game won't open for me
ALMOST EVERY SINGLE TIME I TRY TO GO IN IT BRINGS ME BACK TO MY HOME SCREEN AND I AM SICK OF IT FIX IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I can't play i is laisanse error please fix it😭
I play on a tablet and today my button on the screen wouldn't shown up when I joined my sisters world. I logged out twice and so did she. It still didn't work, I even tried joining my own world,same thing.Please fix this it's happen a couple of times but overall the game is really fun and I recommend it to anyone
cant even look around in creative mode without blocks being destroyed or items placed. this is really annoying. mobile version is a joke.
It is a fantastic game but some times when I open the game it automatically closes I wish you fix this bug
Cool Fun and creative
coooool
Game becomes so laggy especially on tracks. I have and s9+ so I know is not the phone causing this
Minecraft let it free for ever please yeeeeessssssss
This game is my absolute, favorite. I spend nights on end playing good ole Minecraft. The updates are wonderful and has made the game 1000X much fun and challenging! Everything is just fine but the updates for mobile are a bit slow. I understand it takes a lot of time but could we please get the updates on mobile? It would be great if that is done. I'd like to get with the new stuff like the bees and foxes, and I think there's treasure maps now. But I just want to give all the new things a go!
Really good where is ps4 bedrock tho
Ggg
Trash update
Amazing
Installed, tried to make a world, got a "failed to open this world" Tried a few times to solve it, googled it, got nothing If you can't even make the damn game work, don't charge money for it. Oh and the microtransaction store did work tho, very nice of you to sell things for a game that doesn't work. Honestly I don't see why would anyone pick this over Miniworld, why get a worse game for $7 when you can get a better one for free?
Do not join the beta version it is cool but really bad because you can't join your friends worlds and once you uninstall it.you cant install it again.i wish i could not have the beta version
It's amazing
Amazing but good
keeps crashing and deleted my worlds
The game is great, but recently (mostly when i change skin) any invintory items i have will vanish. I lost 4 E.O.E.s + gear recently to this, and i would love it to be fixed
You my friend Minecraft Callyn
I used to love this game until a bug occured when entering minecraft!!!!!!!! even if I touch it again it takes me back to my homescreen I give this game 1 star because when I touch minecraft it takes me back to homescreen!!! Also ALL of my worlds dissapear when I did not do anything!!! that is why I hate minecraft
Better than fortnite👌👌👌lmao
Hey can you guys add Skyblock
Best version
Minecraft is one of my favorite games. Nothing comperes to it
Oi oi
Fun
Klean
Because sometimes minecraft won't let me play sometime
Its so fun to play with friends
I love this game its so creative like
Love ittttt
Thank you
This is an awesome game I have played for 4 years and still love it!
Been playing ever since I was a kid, but something I find extremely frustrating is that it says I am playing on the 1.12 version, but it allows me to use things from the updates in 1.13 and 1.14, such as dolphins, and pillagers, and everything else. It doesn't give me all the updates though, such as the ability to swim by sprinting in water, and the ability to crouch under slabs. Every time I go to the app store to try and update it, it doesn's say that it needs to be updated.
It goood
Minecraft is a wonderful creative game.I would rate it 1000 or more if I could. I love my minecraft pets and I love how you challenge players with hardcore and survival and give them a great time creating past the limit with creative mode. The haters DON'T know what they're doing. It isn't minecraft's fault of laggyness and glitches and ect (sometimes glitches are fun). Copycats are just jealous, they just think that if they copy it will make them good well that is not true. AMAZING BEYOND WORDS
I love this app it's so good
Dragons now this is gonna be fun! Heee hee ahhhaaa
Love it best game ever
Can you please add a cave update
I really love playing Minecraft coz it was fantastic
Ever since i got it the game has been taking forever to load
Free
So good but the updates should be faster on a tablet
has a lot of potential, just needs work on the UI and bugs.
Updates When I last got my update I gliched and deleted all my worlds
Great game but I didn't want bedrock edition
Mincraft is so stupid it won't even update! So if the mincraft makers don't fix this I am going to delete the application and report mincraft. I should not even give this game a star at all but it isn't an option on Google play. So pls fix this game!
Minecraft What
I love you
It's so so so so so much It's fun
This game is amazing
For anyone who has issues with connecting your phone: Go to your Microsoft account, go to where you can add devices, follow the instructions (you need Microsoft Edge or another Microsoft app installed on your device and have to be logged in via that app), then go back to Minecraft and voila, you're logged in! I wish there was an easier way but that worked too, I guess.
Best game
I can make lots of really cool structures and there are no rules best game ever
I Can't even play because Microsoft will not allow me to create an account 😒😢
Every time I try to join on Minecraft it kicks me off on the other hand it's really good game so it was good while it lasted
this game toock all my mods away
This Game is very ADDICTING
One commands
Get this game it's worth it
i love it
Good game... But what's with the bugs man.. the game suddenly decides to crash and only a data reset can bring it back to normal.. I've lost lots of worlds due to this. Please fix it asap in the next update.. and make the play with a friend feature wifiless.
I've played minecraft for years. But when i finally get pocket edition it wont let me sign in woth my microsoft? Can you fix this?
Do not buy this app there's only a few animals and you can't switch to external unless you boot it get that fixed then I will be 😁 but now I'm 💘😭😒👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿👿😾
I love it it's so fun to play
can u give me my money back and i cant even get on servers like wut give me my money back now
Gucci game
End... Úžasný! :)
IT IS SOOOOOOOOO COOOOOL!!!!!
I love your game since i was 6 years old i loved Minecraft please reply back
I love that you can join together with friends.
Yaaaaasssss this is AMAZING
It keeps giving me an error that says "cannot verify this account" when I try to play online. I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it still won't work.
i made a world and i tired using it but it frooze my phone and it happened with all my other worlds
Great game
I LOVE THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I ador mincraft
Zane has been asking me for money and he said that he would like to have the game on Saturday or else, but I don't have the money to pay for it and I don't know what to do about it. I got it to work but he turned it on and off for the next few weeks to get it done and he said Dad don't stop me from playing with my favorite game or else he needs help with his brain because he is addicted to the game tonight and he is not going to be able to make it to class today because I have a lot of money.
Now minecraft is taking for ever to load for me
On my tablet it always crashes but it is good
i would love it even if they made it so i can actually update my game to the current version because i still haven1.12 so please fix Mojang!
Buy it and you will see the things that are COOL
It's a good game
Won't let me do anything
I love this app and can't say anything more about it
THATS BETTER THAN FORTNITE Its the best
This is the best game
I love minecraft but I want the end update😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😧so when is the update how long is coming thank you for the end update mojang
Love it. all around perfect. all of it is great!
Ya know it would be better if THE FRECKIN GAME WON'T GO TO THE HOMEPAGE DAMMIT FIX THIS PROBLEM MAN
Coming Soon minecraft New update 1.14.0 and 1.17.0
I love it
Awesome
It's the best
It's a great game, amazing when I can actually play it without it taking me back to the home screen!!! Idk if it's a bug that needs to be fixed or something, but I miss minecraft and I hope I can play it once again! 😊
THE BEST GAME IN THE WORLD #1 FAN I LOVE IT!!! I LOVE ALL THE UPDATES AND EVERYTHING!!!!
I am very pleased with the game. It is simple, but each word has is awesome in its own way.
Amazing game. I love it. But I've been having trouble recently with it sending me back to the menu page or even closing minecraft down randomly and it's very frustrating. If that was fixed it would be 5 stars
I just paid for the game then it wont load I have waited months for them to reply
NOAH Kirsty Houghton
Breathless
Look, I love minecraft, but I can't play it on my tablet cause it's too laggy, so I would play on my switch, but I can't do that either, because when I'm playing a game it crashes every single Second! Would you please fix this
PENNYS
I love it u can make what ever u wont 😀😃😄😆😀😥
The controls suck and are so difficult to use and then I only have 2 hours to get a refund..? Dont waste 7 dollars plus tax on this game.
Its very good game but it has various bugs I know I do not have the best device to play it but why it has many fps drops when I am in creative mode and flying even with low chunks and all the graphics options to off please fix this!!!! Thank you
This is 1 of my 2 fav games and I say it's amazing!!!!
It needs monkeys!!!! and water predators like sharksy
One word : creativity..
Bought the game but cant install. There's no install button
Worked for a while, but now crashes immediately after starting up with no error message. Complete waste of money.
good game
Whenever I try to get in a server the game crashes and it really triggers means honestly you guys are increasing the problems for the gamers of this game if this keeps on I want a refund!
its okay but why do you have to pay and when you get minecoins why do you have to pay again it doesnt make sense
Its minecraft.
Good game but the 1.3 update is bad
Terraria was good before now you made me hate it. Change it back.
I love terraria I can always play great and the new update as well
New update amazing but I just like an option to change it to the old controls they were so easy to use now its slightly confusing and hard to pvp or fight bosses keep them because they're good for some others but have an option to have those controls. Other than that thank you for this amazing update and game 😄
Disappointing update. The content and all looks great, until you see all the features they changed. You now have to perform awkward movements to jump, when before you could simply slide up. You can't change the position of buttons, either - making you unable to clear the several useless ones added in 1.3. They also removed world backups - so if you lose your phone, game over, thanks for playing. The controls were fine before 1.3, and Re-Logic ignored that: if it ain't broke, DON'T FIX IT.
Its challengeing
Best game ever
Thank you so much for finally updating this game after 3 years! 😭 Best game for me..
The game is fun and addictive though it's not as great as the pc version. But waiting for future updates is like forever.
BEST. GAME. EVER!!!
It's the best I have completed the game many times and it's still good and after i heard there was gonna be 1 last update I got kinda sad but now there is more to explore and much much more to do
1.3 :D
Ladies and gentlemen we've done it!
Great game to play with friends or by your self
It's real goooooood.
Still horrible
The update to left stick flying controls still isn't enough imo, all i'm saying is: is it that hard to just make it an option in the settings? Like an option that if toggled, will invert "jump" and "up", so that you will be able to fly with the left stick and go up with the button on the right. Just one simple option, sound like a change that would take very little time to make
Your game sucks trash
Pleseee i wnat old controls thats all i ask the rest thank you its been years waitng for this to update and it was worth the while but the controls are confusing but good job
Adventurous!
The control stig in 1.3 is to complicate to use. I prefer the old one to the new one.
I bought this game on my phone a couple months ago. I've had it on my xbox for years and loved it. But with the new update everything takes forever to load. The controls are absolutely terrible. All my achievements are gone. My worlds deleted. Everything is gone. I want a refund
the 1.3 update is great but the combat is f***in garbage totally kills it for me u guys could of at least added controller support by now holy s***.. Also I get disconnected about every 30 mins and I loose about 5-10 of gameplay because I can't auto save like before so can u fix that like ASAP, and don't blame my connection I have no problems playing other games... Other than that everything else runs smooth.. so far... Good luck with ur future updates don't f*** it up! plz =)
I love this game, especially before the new update and let me tell you why. I understand why this update is a pretty good one, I love how it basically like the pc version now. But seriously did the deves even play it on mobile with the new controls!? Its so difficult to play when you really can only use your thumbs, I have died so many time due to the new controls and it being almost impossible. It's just way to many buttons to click and forget about it if you have big fingers.
The game is awsome but the new controls are hard. They should add a feature to revert to the old controld if the player wishes to
WOW add more
Horrible control scheme, the left should just be all movement while the right side can be cramped with the buttons. All the good things that have come with 1.3 is being negated by the horrible controls
Pls change it back PLEASE OH PLEASE CHANGE IT BACK😖😖
Good game
Love this game
Fun game Defiantly play but I would love to see ps4 and Xbox 1 controllers for terraria with Bluetooth
There's one thing that has been bugging me. The controls are bad. You can't shoot while flying. You have to use three fingers which is very very very annoying. Maybe do a tiny update refiguring the controls. Maybe use the left trigger stick for jumping/flying like the 1.2 version. Oh and the new update didn't fix the hard controls, it's hardness pretty much still the same.
The game was awesome until the new update the controls are horrible make it so you can play with old controls but new loot and stuff is good
how do i join people in MP i dont understand how. and making a world takes way too long
I love you dr. but fix the Android q beta crashes
Fantastic game, one of the best of all time. However the controls on this version are bad. Really bad. They were fine before. If it wasn't broken, why did you try to fix it?
The update truly made this game great, almost on par with the PC-version!
great game but been waiting a while for mobile 1.3 update. But its finally here
EPIC 1.3 MOMENT
I used to LOVE LOVE LOVE this game, but the new UI RUINED the game! Edit: I got ur reply, sry 4 being a butthole about it, ive kinda gotten used to the controls.
Greatest game ever!
Great, now that's it's full terraria!!!
So i activated the martian event then the background changed to the ufo one but no martians spawned and the progress bar is gone but the background remains. SO I cant spawn the other events inculding the lunar event or get the cultist to spawn even though i killed golem. ITS LIKE THIS GAME DOESNT WANT ME TO PROGRESS
Controls are very hard to use and to the smarthphone users the items are so tiny
The new update ruined it
Worth waiting for 1.3 update. Terraria did a great job well done to you. You deserve the 5 star rating
Its really fun to play especially with friends and defeat bosses.
cool cool
The update is really food and i dont mind the controls but the game keeps crashing
Great 1.3 update, bad controls, give up back the old controls or at least the option to do :) great game Edit: controls still bad need to be dead accurate just to jump srsly keep improving
Awesome game loved it from the beginning
I downloaded terraria a few weeks ago but when I want to update it it doesn't want to get updated now I uninstall Ed it and try to download it again but it's seems to not work pls fix it I'm tired of waiting Pls it's been hours now I'm tired I sleeped now and it's still says installing good news after hour I realized I just need to restart my phone I have it now :) :)
My favorite game of all time. Add controller support.
Congrats 505, u have officially $%^×$@ up mobile combat, the double swipe/jump button completely ruined how everyone fought bosses, other than that, 1.3 is amazing
It was as wonderful and amazing on a mobile device as it was on PC. Once the 1.3 update came out the experience was elevated to a whole other level of excitement and was full of so much more stuff to do. The reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 was because the cultists wouldn't spawn even after I redid all of the bosses. But still the best game on any device, ever.
As much as I loved this game, I still do but I don't like the new interface which made it more complicated and on-top of all of that it deleted everything I defeated every boss had the best sword a lot of NPC I had a mushroom spear, drax, armor, accessories and so much more all gone in an instant. And I payed for this game and get everything deleted. I still admire it but that progress was days of work. And no controller support. But still good work Devs on the game.
Great update, it's about time you make all the terraria's the same
Finally! 1.3!!!!!
Bring back the old version cause now the controls suck the game no longer is fun i hate everything about this new update though it's more of a downgrade so change it and i will play it again but until then im not gonna touch it!!!
Great update only one problem the new controls are so confusing and just arent made for mobile, revert back to old controls please.
Lo hicieron actualizaron el juego :) Gracias!!!
Great update but one issue. As soon as I loaded my main character and main world, things that I recently placed have gone missing, like a chest full of my weapons, and my huge base that I started working on yesterday. I don't know if this can be fixed or I will have to start again, but appart from that, i love the update!
Used to really like the game but now the overly complicated controls make playing extremely infuriating on smaller devices such as mine. There is also the issue of endless lag. Before the update, it would run smoothly and actually be fun. But now the lag makes it so every frame is a nightmare.
Can you guys please add the old controls in the settings im not really enjoying the new controls please add it pretty pleeeeeeaaaasssss
I loved this game before the update. Now I can't even fly around with my wings. And every update my character disappears and all of my stuff gets lost that I worked so hard for
Hey can you fix the terraria folder for android cause its not showing up in my files....please do fix this bug
The new update completely ruined terraria mobile it was great because it was unique and not like the console and PC and had unique bosses only found in mobile and the controls they just messed up entirely I loved how simple the controls and the crafting was when I played before this new updated version p.s. I love this game so much please restore the option to see what we have crafted and what we can craft with the materials that we had at one point
Love the game but the controls suck.they suck alot i just dont like the controls but they very very very much suck.
Love this game! Worth the money 🙂 However, I cant seem to play online multiplayer. Overall, great game!
U FIXEDD LEFT CONTROLS DEVS, THANX 🙂1.3 is an awesome experience, let me explan as couple hundreds hours 1.2 player, before u needed root to change dpi and obtain 10 user slots on small screens, i was affraid this would be case here too, but this update gives u all and more as u wish in mobile out of the box, beautiful UI, complete and useful menus similar to PC, looks mature, u have achievments and u name it 🙂 i cannot say more.. better start downloading this cause it is freeking awesome 😁
Thank you for finally adding moon Lord and celestial events! The best game for mobile is Updated
Nice
Would easily be five stars if i could use the old controls.
Just worried about the new controls
my character got deleted from cloud :(
Why are the controls so hard to use now? I think when designing a mobile game you should make the controls as simple and easy to understand as possible, but this new update makes the controls so complicated it's almost unusable. Why are attacks no longer auto swing? It might just be my opinion but, this makes the combat REALLY annoying.
Finally.
Love you DR 3000
After first update for 1.3 you still cant swipe up to fly with the left stick. You have to swipe twice which stops the flow of the game.
Terrible controls, lackluster performance, and somehow the game looks worse than it did previously. This is the update I waited three years for? Very disappointed.
Can you add more options to adjust the toolbar size?
I hate the new controls!!!
This game is a part of my childhood, its a great game. When surfing through YouTube I saw was a Terraria video in my recommendation, I re-download it again, I'm a bit disappointed Terraria was supposed to be simple the controls was very hard its not like the Terraria that im used to. I hope you guys can bring back the old controls. Thank you for making such a breathtaking game.
Mad props to the devs for getting this on Android
Thanks so much for version 1.3
GG
The new control looks nice but for me the old control was better. Please put an option where we can choose the new or the old controls. Btw the game is still lit
Wow
The best game ever
It is amazing!
U did it congrationlations
Where 1.3 version why very long
damn I cant believe that the 1.3 finally come out you guys really did a good job on it but the new control system is quite hard to use like the left stick jumping n flying but it still is a most fatalistic game I ever seen on mobile keep it stay in hot Re-logic
Even though its so hard to play now :( its still a great game for me, i hope this wont be th he last update...and if possible...i want the old way on how the character sway the weapons constantly and the auto jump too
Masterpiece
I love that the new update is finally here but it's sad for me to say that I preferred the controls from the previous version...
1.3 controllers are bit of confusing and its cool just mastered them in 1 day
I love it and i take back my old review amd cant wait for 1.3👍
Yeahh great adventure game ever I played
crashes on essential ph1 but at least you released it at last
Bring back memories
I adore this game and re-purchased it for nostalgic reasons, and I was so excited to see the new update. But one thing that bothered me. As soon as I got into a world was the CONTROLS. They are so finicky and unnecessary making it so hard to play for even a minute. I am physically repulsed by the change, no more ease and comfort that I preferred over pc. At least give us the option to chose original and new controls. I wish I never update. Please at least give us that option.
Crashes lots Just about to pickup sweet ocram loot...when crash
All
BEEEEEEESSSSSST ABIA ASTEPT 1.3.1-1.4
This game recently got a total overhaul of the control scheme and UI. The changes made fixed one of the biggest flaws mobile Terraria had, and that was its clunky controls and difficult menu navigation and use. The recent overhaul has totally fixed this and allowed ease of access and fluidity. Terraria is as great as ever, even on mobile; and now that the controls and menu navigation have been massively improved, it is an absolute must have.
Hello first, i love this game and i played many hours with it. In this new patch, there is a little movement control problem. Jump and attack is so hard with this interface. Before this jumping is an automatic move and this make it easy. Please do something about it. Thanks.
Best game
I love Terraria, I have it on console and Steam too. Simply perfect.
What on earth did you do to the bloody control scheme??? This is far less intuitive - and takes up unecessary space on the screen. Very disappointed and highly unimpressed
Can you make it easier to jump up by swiping left joystick up
Omg! Wow 1.3 update IS THE BEST IN THE WORLD!!!!!!!!SUPER HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY!! At first I was worried about the controllers but actually once you get use to them this game is so much more of an amazing experience than before! I'm actually able to fight enemies much more better than pc..and i will be playing this version waaaaaaaay more than pc now that i got terraria on the go. I have been waiting for this for 3 years...seriously..praying hoping and waiting and it finally came!!! Dream come true..
Amazing defiantly recommend only flaw is the new jumping
Awesome so good, but on the new update the controls are.......... hard as😂😂😂!!!!!!yeah but i will eventully add to this review.. so thats all i have to say for now
Ill rate thhis to 5 stars if u added cloud save because i accidentally uninstall this ge and install again but my char and world are gone pls add cloud save
Can we get an option to have jump activate when moving the joystick up rather than a button jump? Everything is perfect save for that.
♥️
The controls were totally confusing since the last update since i got used to the old control The combat controls were totally hard to use and confusing i counted atleast 8 deaths during a softcore normal mode night lmao
Hi the new update is very cool but hard but if you get used to it, it is very helpful and amazing but when I play the game for a couple of minutes it crashes then automatically closes the game I do not know why so please fix it. I really really love terraria and the crashes are ruining the game for me please fix these crashes because I love the new update again thx.
Love terraria but please give us the option for legacy controls. I hate the way they are now. I dont want to struggle having to learn the controls its so distracting it puts me off playing on mobile. I rather boot up my PC and play on there.
Okay so about 2 months ago i had to delete this app but when I came back my cloud save was gone and everything was messed up i lost my best world and worlds take so long to generate before it was quicker and the ability to play was easyer because when i tried my controls wheir really hard to move and use it's basically impossible to play now
It's a classic.
Good game but new controlls ar bs.
Thanks for uptade
Eeeeeeeeee!!!! Fan boi has entered the game chat
Hate the 1.3 control's
I love this game, have since 1.1 on pc, but I have to say, I cannot stand the new control scheme, I really hope you guys understand. I restarted my game when I found out about the new update, was super excited, but I don't understand how I can possibly run, swing fire my weapon, and jump at the same time, it's such a pain. I could only imagine how awful and inconvenient it would be to fight plantera later on...
Ahahahahahaha this I Like!!!
The one star is purely because I am unable to play this game after the update. Even after the 1.3.0.7.1 update the game will freeze on my Huawei mate 20 lite when I press either single player or multiplayer. It let's me go into settings but when I press single or multiplayer it just freezes (even the background animation), but the music continues to play. Please fix this bug because I've been waiting so long for this update! Thank you!
I like the game and I can get used to the controls but WHY????? did you change how you attack with the sword????? No one constantly thrusts. And the sword has become a terrible weapon to even start out with. Go back to the overhead arch swing. It caters new players while still being a useful tool for more experienced players. And why did it have to become so much like the pc game. I have terraria mobile to play convienently. If I wanted the pc experience I would have bought and played the pc game
Love it
Always loved the PC version. Mobile Terraria is much better now, polished. But the control buttons take a while to get used to, especially in combat situations. It would be perfect if the developers can add controller support, where all the on-screen button disappears and you just play the clean game.
I like the game but it would be cool if we can play with random players as well too
It good game
can you pls bring back the old control system in the option screen? i kinda used to it, the new control interface is hard especially when using a melee weapon
The control really feel like you were playing in pc.this is so cool!can't wait 1.4 on mobile next.😙btw how do you play multiplayer online
A rememerable game that is a lot of fun
Great game so happy that the 1.13 update have been released. I've been waiting for it for 2 years now. Now I can play terraria on pc and mobile.
Best mobile game ever. Wayyy better than minecraft
It ight
It's Amazing!
great except that it deleted my world worth the wait
Just love it, have it on many consoles, abd 3ds used to be my favorite, but now... Mobile is where its at.
Really fun only thing I don't like is the new jump button
Crashes when loading world Recently when loading my current world the loading bar ALWAYS stopped after halfway and the game crashed... I work really hard for that world... Please fix ASAP
Hi im a human being apparently. ;P
None of my words is not spawning plant terria bulbs and the controls are great
awsome game its da best edit:how do you get 1.3 update it's taking a long time
I waited for 3 years... And ffs was it worth it! Thank you so much for the content!😝😘
Dude ive been WAITINGGGGG for this update
I like the concept of this and where its going and everything but how do i create or access a online server?????? Halp??
The old terraria was better now there are heaps of awful controls, make It the same 2 joysticks a simple inventory and just get rid of the new controls!
*Clap * Clap * Clap* Well done.
กว่าจะกลับมาทำได้ ปล่อยหางไป 3ปี พอสวิตมา แล้วกลับมาเล่ยน่ะหล่อน เกมส์หนุกมาก
The update is great but my brother plays on i phone and i dont and i cant join him and wish you can fix that and if so it would be 5 star immediately.
For mobile make the controls more customizable, give back the ability to attack midair, and make the controls a bit more simplified please.
Finally the wait is over.. 1.3 is amazing!! Controls take a little practice but that's expected.. It's still the best game on Google Play.
I'm super happy with the new update that brought a ton of new content, but the controls are atrocious and make the game not enjoyable to play (even after playing for an hour or so they still were hard to use). Also, the lighting makes blocks that are a few blocks deep appear black, which makes the world way too dark.
The new user interface is trash. The old way was much better. And what happened to auto swing? Hold the button and steady swing. Didnt have to die to basic enemies. I'm happy about bigger worlds, new items and enemies and events. But put the interface back. The game is damn near unplayable. Wasted my damn money paying for this game a second time when it wouldn't accept that I had paid in the past.
The newest update is good, but needs a major fix. The new lighting is really bad. Caves are pitch black and cant see at night time. Before the update everything was fine. PLEASE FIX LIGHTING!!!
when i gather coins is resets and going by a random number and i can never have more than 100 coins of any type of coin
I have a rideable unicorn mount in post planterra phase, but even the smallest bumps hinder the mount useless, I have to constantly jump, please fix. Thankyou.
Very happy that the update is finally here and more patches are in the works! The gameplay is really polished and even on my phone which is rather low end it's been smooth so far
I love this game and I have been playing it for years but the controls are a little difficult
My kids and I love it But still does not work on a GSlate.
Its better than minecraft
Awsome but I hate the change
Amazing update, but cpuld we get better customizable UI? Most phones are too small to easily handle the new gui. My main issue, for instance, is the jump. I can no longer jump and shoot, could you put jump on the joystick again?
Removing jump on the left joystick makes the game 100 times more difficult
I'm using a note 9 and I struggle with controls becuase the terraria doesn't fit my screen
Nice
The new update is great but it keeps crashing. I was finally able to get a small world created and I can play for a minute or two but then it crashes
Played this game for endless hours. Since latest update thr interface has been revamped and has lost all its glory. Made way more complicated then it needs to be. Was perfect before, now its ruined. If i could get a refund i definitly would as im now uninstalling because its unplayable.
Terrible controls
Harder to control
Épico
can you update it, its been like 3 years since you havent updated it!
Can you fix the flying mechanism and leave it like the old one
Awsome
Oh my gosh FINALLY, I've been waiting for 1.3 on mobile FOREVER
Update makes this game unplayable, controls suck and are very difficult to use and I lost all my worlds and charecters, and many mobile exclusive stuff was removed. The game feels very unfinished now and needs to be polished specially the controls it's almost impossible to play compared to the previous version.
Gangster AF
Pure terraria
fricking love this game
The new layout is terrible the controls are awful
Great but... Is there any way to get the traditional controls back for mobile? Theres just too much going on for me to play casually now i cant run jump and use items so im just dying a lot 😅
I'm really glad the mobile game of Terraria has been updated! Been really looking forward it. However, I find that its harder to build things because of how small things are now. Building is slow and tedious. Could improve on that as well as the cobtrols which is hard to get a feel for it. And moving items around is also tedious because again of how small things are now. Thise are some things I would say needs to improve on.
The new update is awsome. The game is much better now and I now fell like I can just pick up my phone on the bus or subway and play terraria. This game is great and I hope it keeps on getting better.
I love terraria, Terraria mobile was my first introduction the franchise. The controls were really easy to learn and I've been looking forward to this recent update for years. I absolutely loved this update except for one main thing, the controls. It's really hard to attack while you're flying cuz I'll have to take my finger off of the attack button to fly and I can't really make any boss progress while I'm not attacking! I think you should make it to where flying is just like older updates
I've been playing this game for years, never once have I been disappointed!
(still) Needs Bluetooth controller support However im loving it was worked on and updated to 1.3! It also appears the devs really care about feedback and have pushed a fast update for common concerns. If controller support ever gets re-added, i will give it the full 5*
i have bought it on my laptop and it does not want to work at all.
The long awaited 1.3 update makes this game soooooo much better. Though some features have been removed or modified (notably autoswing everything and autojump), I feel its a better change. Good work to every team who worked on this update, you did amazing! ❤️❤️❤️
เล่นมา3ปี ชอบมากคับ พัฒนาต่อไปคับ.❤❤
Everything that I hoped for, the controls are great, the interface is accurate to the pc, the only downside is that I wish you guys added control support, that's literally it, other than that love it!
What happened. One day the controlls were great.......now their is a wonky joypad with no way to revert the controlls. The magnify box is gone too. Its now unplayable. Why no way to revert controlls or roll back versions? Just why?
I Love It
Great game, had a lot of fun playing and it's finally been updated to contain PC version features! Can't wait to get back into it.
Super fun
It was really fun but then they changed the controls and i wish they didn't because the new controls suck i love the ones i started playing with but now they suck and if they didn't change the controls i would still have it at 5 stars
Garbage. Also, apparently they deleted my review.
Um dos melhores jogos pra mobile, pena que seus bugs limitam bastante as opções durante o jogo
Finally, the 1.3 update is here
Still the same addctgand fun game. But when I first tried the new version, I was overwhelmed by the amount of buttons. JESUS. There are alot of buttons
The sticking seems to have fixed itself. I'm having a blast playing the game, and knowing that a future update will allow to jump with (left stick), this game had dug it's way into my heart.
Whenever I rename a chest the game crashes and the game is really dark I can see anything unless I play a torch every block other than that great game
The game now has left stick flight control which is great!
Dont like the new controls but otherwise great game.
Used to like this alot more but the radical control change was super unnecessary imo makes it alot harder to play on my phone i feel like i need a tablet please give us an option to change it back the only benefit of the new contelrol scheme for me is the dedicated grapple hook button but that becomes mostly useless once you get wings anyways
Moon lord
1.3 is here!
Well, it says "describe your experience" in the text box yet I have none. I've played this game for a long time now and I'm still waiting for Moonlord. Why isn't he here? Did papa big dick skelebones leave? I called 505 games last year before March and they said they would update it by that time (update as in integrate everything from the other platforms. They never did so the only experience I have is an empty promise. Along with that I've been waiting ever since then which is quite tiresome.
The new update has made the this game very difficult to use on mobile, also what happened to the built in shine potion that always was in effect? We really need it since we don't have any way to hold it while moving easily. Please add an option to go back to the 2 thumbsticks from the previous version?
Crashing constantly on Android 10
Plz make it so we can join others even if they dont have the same internet thx and under ground there is a clone of you and theres 50% its freindly and 50% hostile freindlys follow and kill enemys but they only have 10 hp for it to be fair anf freindlys have same items in invetory but they will drop only coins but copper has a 100% to drop chance silver 64% cance to drop and gold and patimum have a 10% chance to drop but unfreindly clones have 300 hp but copy actions wat u think should it be in?
The new control's are really bad you can't even play properly, the other controls are way better. At least they should put a seating to change the controls.
I still love this game but man is the jumping so darn annoying, double flicking upwards to jump is really annoying. In my and most others opinion the old jumping was just fine. Don't get me wrong though this new update is still amazing, everything else they added I'm either ok with or super happy about.
This is an awesome game a lot of bosses it's really fun you should get it (if you have enough money)
Ok i have one complain... The jump button. Why? Sometimes whenever i want to jump like i accendently fell into a lava pit I try to jump ,but i couldn't jump for some reason. Please fix it or is just my terrible phone?
I was so excited for this update, but i cant even play it because the touchscreen controls make me want to tear my hair out. Placing a simple torch is sheer tourture. Please please add conteoller/ keyboard & mouse support. Also the game immediately crashes when reconnecting to a mobile server for the 2nd time. I have to reinstall to get it working for one playthrough of multiplayer losing everything on Note 9 and S10. Edit: deleted dedServers file and able to play multiplayer on servers again.
Good controls just getting used to it
PERFECT!
I am annoyed i love this game alot especially with 1.3 out but whenever i go to multiplayer and go over to the other part beside local host it freezes it didn't do it before i added this server terraria.ogn.space then it started
You need the ufo and the other mobs that comes with it please and do it for ps3 cause as it stands i beat ps3 terraria and android terraria 5 times please and thank you EDIT: THANK YOU FOR ADDING THIS I LOVE YOU GUYS!!
Okay, so Terraria Mobile just got the 1.3 update that I've been waiting for about 4 years. BUT, I do NOT like how there is no more cloud save, so if my device gets lost, all my data and characters is lost forever. Maybe 505 games can make a cloud save type thing where you log in to an account with your saves like what Geometry Dash does. That account typed thing would have no connection to Google or Apple services, just a Terraria cloud save thing to store your data. Just a Thought (:
Please understand that they are doing a great job on trying to improve ui interface and controls and also putting a big update on mobile
It lies it doesn't have play prtect i demand you restore my chericter
the update is so beautiful! the controls may take some getting used to before i felt comfortable. at first, controls seems to a bit overwhelming, and somewhat difficult to grasp. since pc and mobile have almost the same settings it was kinda hard at first. before i can mine faster and the reach of my placements are a bit wider in mobile. it took me for about 2 hrs to adjust the current seeting. there were no lags whatsover. it became a more beautiful game than i thought it would be. ty for update
1.3 update and even more of a great game. what still bothers me is there's no controller support and I really hope it'll be added sometimes soon! I'd really like to hear from the devs if they read any of these reviews
Bluestacks problem: Server hosted on PC, connected to the world. Ive tried to join on my Android device and im stuck on the connecting screen
ITS HERE!!!!
Fix the 1.3 controls
I wish the old controls would come back because they were much easier.
Many years of pain to finally get this amazing update and it was worth the wait.
This game is a classic. It has sooooo much to do and keeps me coming back. Absolutely amazing.
The new control scheme is terrible but I'm going to try and get used to it
Great
I love the new update and I am so excited. but some of my items are missing, where they used to be is either a gold bunny or a stack of healing potions etc. Keep up the great work though!!
You should add martian madness events
In my opinion, the update ruined the game. Years of playing it one way that is easy and compact, then now everything is all over and annoying.
I love this gane but the new controls make it hard to play. I switch items when i dont want to and it is hard to get around. Can we have a switch to go classic controls like the ones before the update
Okay so my friend told me about the other day and I was really stoked but now my Terraria won't even work it's probably just a bug but I'm thinking about uninstalling the game and reinstalling but I have tons of stuff and I can't Cloud save it because it won't let me in the game please fix and get back to me when you do!!!
Its good
Im writing this right after the new update. Just go back to how it was before. What the hell are you thinking changing everything
The new update is great but my fps is so low, usually 3 to 9 fps, please make the game use less RAM
It's been so long, since we've had new content, I'm so glad 1.3 finally came out.
Thank you, everything is perfect.
Omg i love ive done every thing in pc now ill try mobile
As someone who has been playing the game for a few years now I am soooooo happy about the new update finally being here. But with it I have only one complaint. The controls are horrible so please return it to how it used to be or make it so that players can customize it to how it used to be. I know I am speaking for many other people who also want the controls to be as it was. How it was when everyone who plays the game started. It would be most appropriated.
This is a good game but it keeps crashing i cant even create a world because of this i have a g pad 7.0 lte and its a version 5.0.2 and it keeps crashing send help
The game is fun but the new update makes the controls terrible and hard to control. Please change it back
the new conrols are too small and makes the game way less fun with all the buttons, i regret updating it and now getting it all together
Iv been playing on all the consoles for years now and i still love the game moded and not moded (Edit)This is funny cuse the update came out on my birthday
game crashes, uses items and lose items u got , u craft something uses items give u no items
Become a darkness very much,but thxxxx
I hate the new version it is so hard to control please change it back
Better than minecraft
Episch Ich habe es auch auf xbox 360 und Pc und hier entäuscht es mich auch nicht. Nur schade das es nich nicht die 1.3.1 gibt
This game is amazing, there is no doubt about that. The graphics, the gameplay... it's all great. But the newest update just ruined everything. The new interface is so cluttered, I cant even open chests without getting confused. I would reccomend this game on PC only, and maybe mobile again if they fix the UI.
Good update a lot of new stuff but old controls were good why change it?
Not optimize for curve screen with round corners.
What have you done with this update! YOU RUINED THIS GAME!
Please please pleas make this update for the 3ds!!!!
1.3 update made this way better
I like the game but the controls are hard to use. There are to many buttons on the screen and it should be modifiable to how you want it.
I. Love. This. Game. Please play it! It is NOT a ripoff of minecraft, I'm telling you.
Great, just needs to have the same stuff on pc, or atleast console.
I love it
One of the best games i've played but after the 1.3 update i feel like the controls are a bit worse but maybe thats because i haven't gotten used to them.
Great game, but the controls are terrible
Make it possible to select the "old" (before updating) interface !! It's impossible to play - you can get lost in the buttons !! Now I won’t kill a single boss 😭
I bought this game a while ago; had to uninstall it due to that phones limitations. Started playing again the other week and was hooked; until it patched and I find out the U.I. is totally different, unusable and that the developers have stated they have no intention of switching it back. I will be writing a message to Play store and suggest others do the same as Google Play could implement version control to provide a fix. If that happens my review may be adjusted.
Why is the lighting worse please fix it the lighting lag is making me feel slow while playing
I love Terraria but in 1.3 they messed everything up the controls are garbage and I lost my terra blade.
Omg you did you updated it
3 years. That long
One of the best moble games.
best 2d game over with tons of bosses and endless amount of fun
Controls are awful and are way too fiddly and jumping and flying are worse if anything. I liked how easy it was to jump, attack, access inventory, etc. The world generation was way faster, too, even for smaller worlds. You guys need to get your act together and make something more mobile friendly. Very disappointed that you have ruined such a nostalgic game for me.
Ive been waiting for 1.3 to drop for ages but I was not expecting the new controls to be so bad I used to be able to do whatever but now im limited by these horrible controls
1.3 IS OUT I HAVE GONE CRAZY FOR THIS
love the game also I cant wait for the new controls
I love this game but i really dont like the new controls. It makes the game seem way harder to play then it used to be. Could you put the original controls in settings as an option because I feel those are way easier. Other than that i really like this new update. It kind of feels like the pc version of Terraria and the game looks a bit cleaner. Great Job Production Team!!!
JUST AMAZING
The terraria I had played untill the update was the best. I had gotten it on console and the controls took to long to learn. The one thing I liked about the ios game was the simple controls. Now you cant mine simply by holding the right touch instead it does nothing and you also can't continuously swing some swords it would seem I loved this game the way it. The only regret I had before was no moon lord well they fixed that but i wouldy glady give it away for the old version. Im pissed
The best game i've ever played, I love the 1.3 update. That's exactly why I bought this wonderful game. Re-Logic, 505 Games and DR Studios, you're the best!!!
So awesomely intense! I would give 1,000,000 stars if I could! Also, I am excited to see the new update for Terraria!
I can't access my cloud backup
YESS OMG OMG OMG 1.3
Geat until now, the newest update makes the game completely unplayable on smaller devices. I've been playing this on my phone for years now on and off and this was it I literally could barely move my character without some BS
Used to be better but now the controls are Terrible
ehh it's lit 🔥🔥
This game is awesome! It may start slow at first, but as you progress by defeating bosses, you start to unlock better loot!
Got to be the best 2D game i have
Love it! Basically everything about it is good!The bosses,the weapons,the items,the blocks!Easy 5 star
I was really excited for this update, but the new controls and poor performance have ruined it for me. Still a great game
It's a great game that I have played for years and now finally the new update came out adding everything that I ever wanted for mobile. The only problem is that ever since the big update I can only play the game for ten minutes without it crashing and not saving half of the stuff. This is preventing me from making any progress whatsoever. I don't know if the problem is my device because it seems to work fine on other devices. Please if their is a solution let me know.
hmm looks like its improving
The game is awesome, all the new stuff from pc 1.3, the new difficult level for bosses, all the new events (slime rain, alien invasion...), and also the endgame lunar event, with the two new bosses, and the four pillars... it's incredible, a giant step for Android players!!!
I have edited my original review, the controls are way better, but the jumping controls need better refinement. Please have a option to make double tap up jump into a single tap, like in 1.2 Also the lack of a gamma setting makes this game way to dark on certain screens.
Love you guys for the new update
I like the old controls better
Love the game! been playing for 7 years (maybe more) and I have 0 bad words about the game. But I would like the UI to be fixed in the new update, as it is very fenneky.
I love it but the controls are a bit confusing
Best game ever
Noice
Loving the game and new update makes it a whole lot better than it originally was but ive got a slight issue, just had the message martian invasion but ive only got the ufos in the back ground and the music but no enemies spawning
No cloud save, no free joystick, two thumbs to jump and move now, too many buttons, the controls are horrid now. You cant destroy blocks easily anymore and when you have that little screen that pops up it does not remove the blocks the same instead it destroys many blocks and it is harder to build now as well. No sign in to google play, and now it has to save your map before you exit so no playing on the go and you will lose gameplay. Ive requested my money back. This game is ruined.
I hate the new gui, there should be an option to use the old gui. Im not playing this again until i can
i love the game actually, but the controls after update 1.3, especially flight mechanism is hard for mobile, same as the autoswing mechanism, too hard for mobile. please fix it.
Nice! Been playing this for a long time and I'm glad to finally see this update! Though, the grappling hook stick controls are a bit wonky...
Nice game. I buy it on Mobile and on PC.
Awsome new update
the controls are hard at first, especially aiming with ranged wepons but, if u find the target lock button it aims for you. jumping is not ass easy as it used to be in the old update tho
Best game ive ever played i love it but there is one small problem they changed the auto jump it is annoying now
Amazing game with a great experience and replay value. Controls were tricky at first, but I adapted to using them.
I used to love this game. I even gave it 4 stars but since I last played the buttons have been configured to closer resemble the pc version. Unfortunately this means that: 1. clicking has to be far more precise due to the reduced button and dpad size. 2. jump is no longer up and the sword swing does not spam whilst holding the right d pad down. This means I can no longer run left whilst swing right. 3. The right d pad does not decide swing direction even tho it triggers the action.
I cant even play all it does is crash
Fasza, de van néhány bug (a legtöbbjük visual, de azért elég zavaró), 
néhány dolog elég furán van kivitelezve, nehéz irányítani, és ami a 
legfontosabb: iszonyatosan el van maradva a PC verzióhoz képest... Továbbá 
az irányítás miatt nehezebb de ezt valamennyire sikerül kompenzálni 
minibuffokkal... Viszont egy expert mode-ot már nem vállalnék be így (az 
1.3 viszont kurvára jöhetne :D)
The New Update SUKS Makes it so hard to play the game
While I finally appreciate you issuing 1.3 the new controls are very clunky and take way too much of the screen. I had to do an extensive google search before I realised how to use multiplayer. Multiplayer is widely unclear and it turns out there are no dedicated servers just IP addresses you have to manually enter if you want to play online. I widely dislike the new attack button and crafting guide. You now need to have the object in order to see what to craft where as before you could see all.
Este juego es una verdadera pasada,es mi top numero 2 de juegos Mobil,Hojala y ya agregen la 1.3 por que enserio este esta muy hermoso,espero y vean mi comentario
Its a great game, and now that 1.3 is out, its the best game ever
1.3 finally but make controls better.
Really Appreciate about the Update, Love It❤️,
I hate it controls. Horrible this sucks why did you have to change it i liked the old controls i will never play until the controls are how they were before those controls. 1 star
Before the 1.3 update easy to control and now totally unstructured Bring the old layout back pls or at least Add a setting to change to the old layout
absolutley a fun game
Came back after 2 yrs, loving the update. The new controls seemed hard at first but after a hour or so play they're great
I was so excited for 1.3!! And I do like the new controls, and I love the game, but I absolutely hate that I can't run, jump, and fight at the same time. It makes it harder to fight bosses in arena, where I jump from platform to platform while running and fighting the boss. If I double tap to jump, I kinda just stop running, so I don't think it's the best alternative. I appreciate all the work you guys out in to this though!!The game is fantastic though! I just dont like the jump system much :)
I love this game so much, and I love that they added so much more to it recently. The only thing I don't love, is the new controls. It's really hard to fight in the air when there's a move button, a fight button, AND a jump button. I just wish the jump button could've stayed the same as the move button like before.
Its awesome, but the controls are a bit hard to use
Absolutely amazing work on DR's part, and in less than a year, too. With a few more tweaks, more control customisation, and all the content from later 1.3 patches, this will truly be an amazing version of terraria.
OMG THIS UPDATE IS LIKE MY DEEP DEEP SORROW!!! LIKE A F* (sorry for cussing its just really great) RAINBOW!!! MAKE MORE UPDATES LIKE THIS!!!😍😍😍🤯🤯🤯🕺🕺🕺
I love this
Would of been five stars if you had a way to turn up brightness I literally have to place a torch every 5 blocks.
I absolutely love this game! Great sandbox rpg and I run it on multiple devies and platforms.
Wow, like 1.3 and all, amazing job, but like the controls are so bad now, far from user friendly, everything is 100 times slower and its feels like just moving is a chore now, before the controls were so clean and smooth, perfection but now all this random garbage and new featues kinda just ruin the game for me, im going to keep playing in the hopes of a ui and control overhaul but tbh, mobile isnt really worth playing atm
I hate the new up date but the game is still good I like that the bugs are fixed but still I don't like the modification's.
Movement controls are terrible now since the update. Cant jump with left stick, aim and use constantly does nothing until retoggled multiple times, weird layout of buttons that you cannot change, no more auto fire on ranged weapons that previously had it for mobile. Game now feels clunky and unplayable. Lots of exciting new stuff in this update that I have no interest in exploring because of terrible controls.
Thanks for the Android update now could you do it for the DS as well. Also crashes when I try to open up a medium world.
Fun and exciting, I also love to play it with my friends!
Now with the 1.3 update it's perfect, nothing more to say.
I love it
Its good and the update is damn cool but in some of the low device are Low FPS
Best game ever
I dont like the new controls 😤😤
its so great to finally be playing 1.3 i really love it can't wait to see the future updates
Thank you for finally updating the game. U get 5☆ now. I have encountered a bug. When ever I get into hard mode on my main world and then I save and quit and exit the entire game and later I enter back into the world, I have to do the entire wall of flesh fight all over again. Please fix this because I've already done this fight 6 times and I'm running out of potions very quickly.
I came out now im happy
GG
Bring back 1.2 controls please its completely unplayable
Cant wait for 1.3
For the most part, an amazing game, always has been. I really enjoy playing it and they've put a lot of time and effort into making it. However. This recent update has been highly unenjoyable, not because of content, but the new controls. I cant use them properly, especially on my small screen. I'll bump it back up to five stars if they add a classic setting or just something to revert back to the original. Otherwise, keep up the great work.
Sure there are a couple of bugs and the controls are funky and weird to now but worth the wait.
it's terrible no point getting it on mobile
Is a bad game at the start but when you progress its better worth the money😄👍👍
This is a must buy game. It is so good and you will enjoy it so much, the new controls are perfect, maybe just a few adjustments. There are more u updates coming soon so it will be almost equal to pc in a few months!
I was very excited to finally play the new update of this game but unfortunately the game Crashes Everytime while creating a world once hitting the half way mark of creating the world the app just crashes. Please fix the issue.
E Srsly tho gud game bois And gois And other...ois
eu estou tendo problema em lutar contra bosses e npcs tendo que arrastar duas vezes o analógico para pular, e o botao é muito ruim porque voce tem que parar de atacar e depois mirar novamente no boss, o pulo no analogico com um deslize para cima deveria voltar,e o analogico direito só joga uma flecha por vez quando voce ativa o aim and use.
The wait for the 1.3 update was worth it. I've played this game since its inception. The new control scheme is going to take some time to relearn, very ambitious to cram so much on a touch screen display. This game is easily worth 14.99 for a mobile release, in its current release. I cannot give a higher recommendation for a game on mobile. Outstanding work to bring the full pc experience to mobile. Thanks to the devs for continuing work and fine tuning.
Best game ever
Foot
great bro keep it up
Best first person shooter game after geometry dash
Please eat a meatball
it's better but I'm not downloading it because I already have switch version.
1.3 is here! Thank you for your hard work. It's awesome to be able to get it after so long of waiting and now I hope to see that this version will reach 1.4 just like the PC version.
great update, i have been waiting for this for so long ;-;
I like Terraria
Lo e it
Over all this game is the best game I've ever played. The new controls are a little finicky and could use some tweaking but are great none the less. This game whole heatedly deserves 5 stars.
Fun and easy to learn but still a challenge
After the update it made me start playing again beacuse i always have it right in my pocket for those times i wanna play and im not home
Pretty good game I have this game on PC, but decided to get this on mobile when I heard 1.3 was coming out! The UI is so good now. However, I have one weird issue. So, when I close out my game. The auto save doesn't work or something because all my items in my inventory (not in my chests) disappear! It's whack. Idk if it's auto save or the game itself, but other wise this game is great.
An amazing Classic
BEST GAME EVER
I love this game but in the newest update i hate new controls add a area in settings were we custimize controls and pls make so server admins can get creative mode
The controls are pure garbage after the update.... Like what were you guys thinking? Oh my god you said you fixed stuff but you did nothing I'm done.
there shoud be a trash systime so that accedidenly deleated wolds and characters can be recoverd esealy
The new controls are really everywhere and chaotic and it makes it difficult to do certain things
Is there a way to uninstall the new update? I absolutely cannot play with these controls so I'll have to get rid of the game until I can find a way to fix it :(
Now that is amazing
Pls the controls. We used to be able to run aim and shoot and the same time. It was easy to control. Now is just pure madness. The new interface yea looks nice and thanks because we finally got the v1.3 but please help with the controls. Thanks!
Since the 1.3 update came out, the game runs on terrible frame rate on my LG Nexus 5. I still give it 3 stars for now because it's a great game to play, still, even if unplayable right now. Although a fix would be great.
Very bad game i loved 1.2 but 1.3 is HELL it has bad controls BAD connection and i can't join my friend or make a new world so i uninstalled it and i'm never downloading this HORRIBLE GAME ever again in my life IT IS the WORST GAME i have EVER SEEN so even if you bring back 1.2 i STILL will NOT REDOWNLOAD IT EVER AGAIN SO JUST DELETE THIS BAD GAME AND RANK IT 1 STAR AND IF I COULD I WOULD RANK IT -5 STARS SO JUST DELETE THIS GAME NOW AND go play MINECRAFT OR ROBLOX AND DELETE THIS BAD GAME NOW!!
Great games been waiting for an update I am very happy it's finally here
Well worth the money
controls bad
Fatfat In
Been playin terrraria since 2014, been waiting for this update to come. Now that 1.3 is here, I can give this game a strong 5 stars!
the controls are ridiculous and most of my items such as my dragon armor have been removed along with ocram the boss and all that is tied to him are also gone.
Difficult control and crafting i like the previous one, but the new invetory is good
Level up
Heeeeeh
My favorite game of all time. It's really fun to play with my son. There's a ton or content. I'm extremely excited to play the new update! Thanks devs for making this happen
It wont allow me to restore previous data.
The controls have become way too overcomplicated
1.3! edit: controls sux bigtime
Awesome game
Its very good just please fix the lag PLEASE!!!
Terraria is now the best game Ive ever played
The controls suck asssss
This Game Is A Multiplatform Beauty. Get Ready For Multiplayer Fun. GET READY TO GRIND,LOOT,KILL BUILD,AND JUMP. Terrarias Pixel Style Is So Epic. And 1.3 For Mobile Is FINALLY Here Love You Terraria, Your The Only Equal To Minecraft (You Both have your goods and bads :)
This game has always been my favourite... But since the new update i cant get into hard mode... When i kill the wall of flesh then load into the menu to save my game i have to restart and it happens everytime i kill the wall of flesh... And also when i kill the wall of flesh, my frames womt go above 10 per second... Please fix
As good as i though it would be. But i have a suggestion: I think you need to do something like pubg mobile does for sprinting with the left touch pad, but for jumping
Just love it,tho it takes time to get used to the controls,but if you do.Youll have fun!Played since there wasnt any Moonlord in mobile.And probably deleted the game 2 times but they were pirated versions so decided to buy the game.It was worth it since i play if everyday :DD Thank you for making this game!
Game has hard controls, and i get dizzy lol
I absolutely love this game but with the new update the controls are really bad. I liked the simple controls wayy more than the new ones. If there was a way to only change the controls back (move up on left joy pad to jump, use/interact with right) then itd be much better i believe. The new buttons are a nice touch tho.
Amazing, posibilaties are endless
there's finnaly a 1.3 update after all those years..👌#keepitup.
It's a good game I love playing it but untill this update came out it's just wyd why did you guys change the controls it's alot harder to move and fly around for the love of god please give us the old controls back
I love the game before the latest update I hate the controls there so annoying. Wish I had never installed update
What a blyatful game (seriously)
I absolutely love this game. Ive played it on every platform. Lost phones started over many times. Its a great game. But the game is now ruined on mobile. Im no longer able to play at all. The controls are absolutely impossible. Meant for ppl with little itty bitty fingers. Cloud saves are gone. You loose your phone everything gone. Do not bother playing this game on mobile. Its ruined!!!!
Amazing
I'm glad terraria finally had an update!
I love terraria but the control is now harder to learn
Love the game. Do not approve of the new ui though
Now, after 2 years! Finally, 1.3 has come to Mobile! Are there any servers open for online now?
So i beat the golem and i went to the dungeon to find a cultist but there's none there so i wait a day and go back on and there's still no cultist, so instead i look for a probe and i find one and then it says "martians are invading" so i return to my spawn point and not a single alien shows upp, please fix this or just help
I luv my Girlfriend
Great game controls are kind of hard to use but othe than that it a great game so much adventure, creativity, and fun.
THANK YOU DR FOR MOBILE 1.3
Thank God for the update
Getting better but still needs Bluetooth remote support. Please add. Besides that best game ever! Would hate to have no Bluetooth support on such a great game.
can we please have the option to bring back the old ui? cant even jump and attack anymore, but uts still a great game, just difficult with this new ui...
Ok
Best 2D adventure game out there. Played on the PC, and now the new 1.3 update is out, it's almost comparable to the PC version. Highly recommended!
You have been making more updates which is amazing Please continue!!
Worth It!! if you are patient to learn the controls it will be perfect
The controls are awful. The new interface is too busy and convoluted. Less is more. Changing the jump from part of movement to a separate button is clunky and awkward. And, double trapping the moment stick isn't a good compromise.
The controls... The re designed controls, i like em, however its hard af to attack and jump. Want to be able to attack and jump the old way with the movement sticks
Make an option to use the old controlls, the new ones are a bit finiky. Otherwise I love this game and have played for years. <3
For all players disliking the new controls because flying while fighting might be harder. You can jump/fly with left thumb stick by double tapping the up side of the stick. You can also fight by tapping anywhere on the screen. If you need any other help with controls and all of its functionality you can tap a light bulb icon in top right corner and then tap any button or thumb stick. All of its functions will be shown to you. Don't blame devs, they've done a fantastic job. You're welcome.
The controls in 1.3 are garbage now. People keep saying I should give it a chance, but I have and they are CLUNKY. Please return the old scheme as an option. The new ones just don't work for phones, and on my s9 the ability to edit most of the layout is disabled. Huge mistake 505.
Исправьте управление, пожалуйста
Controls please add to customize the jump button All in all great update !!
pog
It's one of the few games that is really fun you'll find on mobile. devs, What happened to the cloud save option in 1.3?
Updating my review because of the update whoop!
Awesome af. I love how the variety of different weapons and tools.
gamepad Please add gamepad support
Im reinstalling this game bc of the update..
Please add the old user interface back. I really enjoyed the old interface or at least add an inter-changable user interface within the game.
Um.... The demolitionist won't sell me grenades he will take my coins like a crook but no nades😢
Honestly I liked the game but now the new update I dont like the controls and losing the map progress just makes things difficult to locate again. Also losing my characters. Is there a way to put it ot the old controls?
Great game so much to explore
Its about time! This update has added so much to tinker with, fight, and much more! 10/10!
Finally the 1.3 update came to mobile , yay! The new controls/HUD are great, but hard to use, and I feel that the HUD is too small for using the inventory, I think that, if the game had controller support, it will be more easy to use the controls, like the console version. I saw some people saying that they lost all your data with the update, mine wasn't a problem, they still there.
The new update is really bad the controls are not easy to use like the last version and now the items are hard to see its hard to play because i have big fingers and i hit other bottons i dont want to if you could change it back that would be grate im deleting your game its unplay able for me
Deleted some of my bosses in my chest and replaced it with coins and my armor from the boss is no longer there replaced with golden bunnies that do NOTHING and can no longer craft right I used to love to play this I played it everyday but now I want to uninstall it and I wish I could get money back because the new update is terrible and takes alot longer to make a world I would say this game would be worth buying but that was in the past now I dont think its worth it because its not as good
Great game Its a really great game plz ad more bosses
I love this game and the new update but i wish the controls were still the same as before, its a lot more complicated now.
The latest update made the user interface way to complex and over done i feel like the old one was better especially for people who play on a smaller screen also i dislike how ocrams trophy is gone as well not just ocram other than that no complaints but still the interface is way more complicated than it should be in my opinion Edit :there should be an option in settings for the two different control styles
BAD CONTROLS.... THE CONTROLS ARE REALLY BAD. PLEASE FIX THIS. WE WANT THE OLD CONTROLS.
I first played Terraria on mobile and it's what got me interested into the game enough to buy it for the computer as far as mobile games go it was really thought out and intuitive with enough variety to keep you interested for hours
I live this game BUT the CONTROLS are TRASH and it's very hard to fly or jump and also fighting a boss is very hard when jumping while hitting especially when your role is a fighter so please in asking you to change it back to the OLD controls OR if not just add an option to change it to the Old controls
Worth the wait they made an improvement to 1.3 mobile
I'm love this game. Its not very well known but it is AMAZING!
amazing
Oh hell yeah It here
Pls fix my mannequins with my armors went missing after i got back. I almost got all the endgame armor😢
I wasn't asked to update. I LOVED the old version. This isn't user friendly at all. How many hands do you think people have? The controls are awful - a complicated mess. Also where's my review that I posted a few minutes ago?? Removed because you don't like the truth? You ruined a great game that I enjoyed. It was relaxing and fun now it's a complicated stressful mess. I have it on several platforms and it's now unplayable. Good job - NOT.
the game is Great But the controls are bad.
Great Game And Worth It, But Can You Put All The Recipes So We All Know What Materials We Get.... Please???
No controller support after all these years and the new on screen controls are trash ;-;
My game lags :(
The mobile game was good before but now with the 1.3 update this game is amazing
Its so good!!!!!! I cant wait to try out the new update! .....i've played terraria for most of my life, and i really reccomend it! ^^
Get it NOW PLZ ITS SOO GOOD U CRAFT AND GET BETTER UNTILL U ARE OP SO EASAY SO FUN
Ypu need a negative star's or thumbs down. I used to love this game. The last update made it he game unplayable on my phone. Theres too much on the screen. My fat fingers everything but what I'm trying to push. Its confusing & I now want my $7 back for having to buy the game. It sucks now. I gave it only 1 start an that's supposed to be as a thumbs down. I wish I could undo the last update.
ok so, i have A bug that when i click single player or multi player the game freezes and i cant do anything. i have a samsung galaxy tab a6 if you want to try and fix it for me
I can't handle the new controls and how they are all over the place!
Fun update but terrible controles to play on my Samsung S8. I wont play it until they improve the controles. - Put back the option to jump with the movement key - The option to attack with the aim key. Not a separate attack button. Im not a big fan of the small UI controles on my phone now. Great features but needs improvement
needs a new update
What is up with the controls in this update. It's almost unplayable. Eww
This game has alot of potential to it! I just wanna say please keep on improving the game! the game is super nice! because of 1.3 I bought the game!! Graphics are 5/5 Controls are 5/5 also and the fact that it is more useful and the gameplay is 5/5 muwaaah! perfecto!
gotta be honest... Not worth the wait😅😅 more things to do but, the controls are absolutely not good at all, too many buttons. Plus, why is the jump button on a separate part of the screen?? Just please make the interface more simple and easier to work with
Nevermind
Akhirnya terraria sudah update selepas bertahun lamanya.....nice terraria thankyou for this update 1.3...but the controllers is hard..i like the old one actualy
The game is really good... 3 stars because controls are absolutely horrid.
Best game, been waithjng for 1.3 ever since and they finally delivered it. Great things comes to those who waitm
I love this game might get it for switch
Since I was a O.G player all of the controls are crammed in my face and it got 30x more confusing with the crafting and jumping, so please add a setting where you have the original controls if you do add them plz send a response
Great game, had a lot of fun with it.
new controls take some getting used to, but are much better
1.3 was a true bruh moment
The controls are utter hell like I'm sorry how is the eye of chuthulu beatable on expert you cannot dodge with these controls well you can dodge but you sacrifice the ability to attack also let us walk over 1 block high things again, I think this is a amazing game but the controls just need a rework or just let people pick their own controls except that all good
So good i really like this game. So much
Great update
The controls are horrible I want the old controls about they were better NOW!😡😡😡😡😠😠😠
I love the new update. All the 1.3 features are in the game, the controls are good, so far I haven't lost my progress yet, but there is just one problem. After about 15 minutes, the game crashes and I lose the progress I made in that time. It might just be a problom with my phone, but it dosen't happen with any of my other games. if you could fix that, then this game will be much better.
The new controls are absolutely awful the fact that everything is everywhere is annoying I prefer the old controls so much I've tried to learn the new controls but I just end up dying from the jump and grappling the lighting has also become really bad I can't see myself playing 5his nearly as much as I used to please for the love of god have an option in the game to have the old controls please
I'm going to miss the updates this game brought me. I'm not crying your crying.
просто пять звезд...обновление 27.08.19: Что за.... Что сделали с интерфейсом? понятно что на пк это нормально, но столько нагромождений на телефоне делают так, что просто невозможно мграть
Love the game and the update and all but the controller is just terrible is there a way of getting the old controls back? It was easier that way and the old crafting system back then theres a guide on how to craft it once you find or craft a new crafting station because rn idk how much I need to be able to craft armour or craft new yoyo's.
Control buttons are bit awkward maybe because it still new to me or it not ideally place, just one thing i always hope they put in the and that is sorting buttons... With how much item and how small item in inventory will be for mobile it really needs a sort button. It a struggle to my eye trying to find one thing out of thousands with such a small new ui...
FINALY 1.3
Plz add Bluetooth controller support
could use a update
Nice game but can you tell me how do i open an online server with friend (not local) we want to play together so much.
Love the game. But the new controlls are a little confusing to me. Can you add the old controlls back(as an option) please?
Omg this is good 😄
I used to play this game with my brother but then we defeated all the bosses and collected all the weapons so we stopped. I was excited to see that there was finally a new update bringing more content to mobile, only to be extremely disappointed with the new controls and display. The new format is perfectly fine for PC but on my phone everything is too small and all the buttons crowd my screen so it is near impossible to actually play. I wish there was an option to use the old controls :(
I want my joystick back
It's a really great game but I have a question recipes unlocked is not popping up on the side answer pls! EDIT: still have a problem, my whole map progress is gone, why
The idea is good, but the buttons are too small and you can't fly well and jump well and shoot/fight at the same time. Really annoying and makes fighting anything, even a slime, so much harder than it needs to be. Just make the button size customizable
yoyo best weapon hopefull next update do not take 3 years to be make lol
Danke.... Mein Cloudspielstand ist seid dem neuen Update weg
Thank you for this new update! I am loving Terraria even more! ( Terraria player since the first release )
Fix the jumping to the movement stick and you get that last star... Otherwise good
K nice boi
5 stars because you great
This app is awesome
HOW CAN I JOIN SERVEEEERS? MY TERRARIA SAYS FOUND SERVER AND SUDDENLY LOST CONNECTION?!!
Okay, I gave it another shot and it's not that bad but it still can be improved.
Really great game
Done fixed
Управление дикое слишком...
The controls are horrible after the release of 1.3 update. I still would definitely play this game, however not as much because of the control. The game is still fun, but not as fun as it used to specially with so much buttons covering the screen and the jump button being a double tap up instead of normally hovering the joystick upwards. Would be more fun with the usual larger 5 inventory slots because I cant see a thing with those 10 but really small inventory slots. I hope this message reaches
This is an amazing game so good
PLEASE MAKE THE 1.3 UPDATE PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEE I AM BEGGING AGAIN PLEASE MAKE IT FINALLY THANKSSSS... But the controls are quite hard to use
New update rocks! I've waited 4 years for this and I was not disappointed. Appreciate the updates for bug fixes!
PLEASE GIVE OPTION TO USE OLD CONTROLS. My brother is handicapped and he enjoyed playing this game with me. But since the new update he finds it very hard to do pretty much anything. Jumping and attacking is very hard since he can only use on joystick at a time. Please add option to revert controls back to normal. We very much enjoy your game.
I have been waiting for years and it's amazing this update is everthing I ever wanted and more thank you so much
Please optimize the controls. It ruins the experience altogether.
This overhaul of not only gameplay, but individual settings is remarkable
I was fighting eye Cthulhu just because I got a specious looking eye and it's like forever to get and I was fighting the eye Cthulhu and he despond because he went off screen
Wow i cant believe it...an update
The new controls are trash
Love this game!
The overall gameplay is amazing, I have problems fighting bosses especially when it requires clutching. Also about the new joystick for hooks, I am having trouble aiming. That's all!
Could you add controller/gamepad compatibility? Please and thank you.😀
When I try to load the game it would keep saying failed to download and connecting to server but it will just stay on the loading icon please help me I don't want to restart my game it took me to long. And then I'll rate 5 stars. Edit: Thanks for fixing the game for me and also for fixing the staff of the frozen hydra. Edit: now my world does not want to load it keeps crashing please help. EDIT: NOW EVERY THING IS GOOD THANKS!
The new 1.3 update is great but ive had some problems the game crashes every hour or so not so much that its unplayable but kinda annoying and some of the controls should be in the corner instead of next to the joysticks im just walking around to get some more herbs to make some more potions for that really importantant boss and whoops my finger slips and there go all my potions or when im in a cave find some enemie and i accidently disable aim and use and go 5 seconds of not being able to attack
I used to love playing this game, but now there's just way too many controls, the game is near impossible to play!!! Give back the controls from before 1.3
Love the game purchased it last week...Played It before even purchasing it by using IGG games on my Laptop...This game really makes me feel good in a way that I don't want to stop playing it..This game is a really good game I hope it gets 1.4 In a few years : ) (Even though it's still not on PC)....My only problem is the controls...
I love all the new content! There's so much more to do and I'm excited to see what is there to see :3 (Also sorry for adding to the jump control issue. I don't mean to stress anyone out but I'm happy it will get a change soon :3)
Finally they did the update i am so EXITED to play it i cant wait
1.3 is here yeet
I think it's the best game it's my opinion though am editing becaues they finally release 1.3
Way better
The controls are too hard to get a grip on. You cant fly and shoot at the same time or even move. I would like an option where you could change it back to the original layout please.
Look I love terraria it is so fun, but, the new controls are so bad and confusing I would have given it a 5 star but no so pls put it back to normal
The game would be playable if you could customize the controls and buttons and just move stuff around
This game was great until I noticed JUMP/FLY was a button FIX CONTOLS
Please make the controls even larger it's too small even on max size settings
Hard controls but still its great finally mobile gamers can experience the joy of terraria 1.3
Amazing game, Huge props to dr studios, Hard working team. 🔥👌👍
I love the style, but it's not my type of game. Anyways would like to know if I could get a refund. If not I can understand, but if possible please and thank you.
i hate this update. they took out the small features like swipe jump, and why the fudge are there only 3 dig positions. you used to be able dig anywhere within range without disturbing adjacent blocks.
Best game ever made better by 1.3 Hopefully followed by all the 1.3 variations
Why can't we have moonlord and the new controls sucks could we have a choice of what they are?
Best game EVER I just love everything about it ALSO the NEW update is AWESOME I just LOVE terraria
So controls are jank and the lunatic cultist wont spawn! Other than my jungle temple getting destroyed by the update the cultist will not spawn, not sure if i have to kill all bosses again. The plantera bulb also wont show up but the game does infact detect i am in hardmode. Hard mode enemies do spawn sometimes.
Best game ever
Best game ever
This happens when you see the pc and console version had more bosses and 
stuffs...when will add the moonlord, celestial towers and stuffs?
Best game ever
FINALLY!!
I did not like the new update at all please down grade it i think alot of people are annoyed as i am
I. LOVE. TERRARIA. It is one of the best games I have ever played. And yes, for the chromebook, they have added the update to have the keyboard controlls. I have this on almost all my devices. Ipod, computer, tablet, ps4, and dear in my heart.
I live the revamp, but theres a glitch that doesnt allow any worlds under the current verson of the game to be played in multiplayer. Please fix this.
Controls are aren't good and takes a lot to move stuff in inventory and attack
I love your game. It's fun, creative, and challenging. Thanks for adding in new contents. I just wish there was a setting that we can use the old controls. It was more simplier that way.
Very noice
Five DA BEST SKSISJSIS
I was happy when the update said improved left stick flight control just like the 1.2 version, however after updating the left stick still won't let me fly.. am i doing something wrong here?
The new controls are horrible just plain horrible
Don't hate on the controls until you have actually played for more than five minutes. They are really good, way better than before, you just have to take some time to get used to them. Just like any other game, WOW.
This new update makes me wish I never bought this game
Amazing! The game is just mind-blowing I played it on the original mobile, and the controls was so fluid and easy to master. It was absolutely fantastic playing, that was until finding a plantera bulb (one out of a million) but other than that, fantastic game great mechanics, and now with the update, it makes it a hundred times better!
Sorry but the update has made controlls far to complex from what it once was and now the controlls and hotbar cover the entire screen so that you really cant see anything i love terraria id say it is my favorite game but playing 1.3 on mobile is a bit of a letdown in my opinion please if you have a pc get it on that for a much more enjoyable experience
It's an amazing game many bosses and weapons. There's different classes which adds a different style of play through, and as an added bonus it does brainwash kids into joining th illuminati
Its so hard to fly while swiping the button to attack... Make some adjustment pls, this is mobile not pc version of the game. Add some features but dont remove the existing one.
I liked the update but now the jump button and the inventory slot is my concern now. I want the old jumping control where you only use the joystick to jump and i also liked the old inventory slot more than the new one because the new inventory slot is small, the items are kind of hard to transfer and there's no autopause in it which kind of annoys me
This game is so amazing getting more followers on instagram.
Great work , 3 year worth it !! With the new control , i play this game with 4 finger 😂
Should fix the load when i get a new phone it it dont load last time i was i had made me not once. but all the i had to lot load the same progess i had i have to make a new ever please make where you dont have to make new 1 unless want to u can still load it get back your progess when u get a new phone & please let us use cellular to play multiplayer with people we what to + where you can make a make people you what or allow can join even when your not on please!
Love the new update but i like the old controls better
Not gonna lie, I love this game and I played it for a very long time. This game continues beautiful and fun, but the controls, please, if you even care about your players, please change it to the past controls, it was a lot better, and when I say a lot better I'm literally saying that, this one is almost non playable, so please, past controls.
The best
I want the old controls back its also way darker then before
I accidentally deleted this game and lost everything cloud save was removed so i lost everything! Please add cloud save back! :'(
Epic 1.3, and map support now makes mobile wayyy better
Ruined the controls in the latests update. Really disappointed.
It sucks put it back to the way the controller worked before.
Awsome
Maybe I should get used to the new version
The update ruined it me and my brother have a world that we have spent forever on and the update says you don't have enough ram to host a world so he can't play with me anymore:(
The new controls are intriguing but at the same time kind of iriitating but that's the onlt problwm I've had in this update! So far I've been really pleased by the new features they've added to Mobile especially with the new updated Flight Left-stick controls + the upcoming Old Joystick Jump And Flight Mechanics! ☺️
Played this some rime ago and it was really good...the controls now are truly terrible and i had to uninstall.
Gg game
It's really good I'm not going to lie but I really like this game before the update change it back to the old controls the new controller to weird and the icons are too small I know it's new and y'all might change stuff but still good game good job
Totally worth the wait
I'm horrible with the controls I'm so used to having 2 circles but maybe I'll get used to it maybe not I really hope so and I've been playing this game for a long time
Nice 1.3 is sick
It would be nice if your brought back the jumping option from the previous version, it felt more fluid while performing some of the other actions, such as dodging boss atacks while simultaneously attacking.
Finaly a ipdate
I'm really happy because I have been waiting for such a long time for 1.3 to come out for mobile I got to say the controls were hard to play with but I got used to them and this update that makes flying and attacking easier is amazing.
The new update is amazing but the only thing thats wrong is the jump feature. Please put it back where you can jump by simply swiping the left stick up once instead of twice or having to press the jump button
Controls was better in the last update before did one , controls in the last update were all in one and is only the controls because it is very complicated to use now in did update
I only do this because of the previous version I like everthing in the new update its just the controls are horrible and i can't really do anything with this so please chang the controls and I'll start playing again
Please add an option for the old controls, controller and attack with specialties or such because I'm much more used to the old jump mechanic with the up controller only.. And mining with the old controller... Building and such is much easier.. But fighting with mobs using ranged weapons is a pain.. Even melee... That's all... Maybe?...
Eh.. It's ok. You cant see at night time.. You cant even place a door..
The new controls to the game makes it difficult i like the old controls better can bring it back
Game is unplayable with the new controls!
It was good until the last update now it's hard to control and the layout doesn't look good. I'll update my rating once it gets fixed.
YEEEEHAWWWWW
Good
good but controls are wack.
Wow a new update huh? Sounds really cool I'll see what they did. Oh guess what the controls are just bad it's way to confusing and hard to figure out this is probably what many other people would say. But well at least have an option for the old controls these are way to confusing.
Think the controls are a little tedious at times, but i think this is a really great game. Better on PC personally.
The best game on mobile
The game is great, but the controls are weird unlike the last version when you move the analog upward it jumps, but in this version you need to tap the button to jump? Im not very used to that thing plus why do u guys remove the crafting recipe?
this game is awsome i will give it a five star when i see if theres moon lord
I hate this game now cuz of your stupid new mechanics how do u even atttack anymore? Get rid of this stupid update
Best game ever made.
Does not work for me any more. It wont let me play. please help by fixing the error
The new controls are so confusing and difficult. I'm so used to lifting my finger up to jump and now theres a whole new button for it!? Also, when i fight i tend to jump a lot especially with flying monsters and now i can't jump whilst fighting. Can you please add an option where you can change joysticks and controls
everytime I go to my cloud and I load my world it keeps closing the app IDK why. pls fix it
This Game Is AWESOME But i Start To Experience A bug which if i join my main world,I just get kicked off the game. I try everything, Deleted everything, Remove Gmail,And Nothing worked
Stupid because you can't download your worlds
Contoller support please as now my screen as barely any screen space...
Love the game no matter wat luv it,perfect but can u make it available for us players to asign our NPC's where we want them??Thxs
Still love the game, but the controls are just so much less practical. Just the option to set the jump/attack/tool controls to the original would bring the game to 5* for me.
My fav game
Controls are a bit finicky at times, but its a great game nonetheless.
The game is absolutely amazing and beautiful and creepy I've been waiting for an update for so long and I'm happy its finally here
Game is good but the new update has the controls for combat wack, basicly its new combat controls suck
i love the game just that my tablet broke and all my progress was there so i got pissed off and well deleted it from my phone but i love the game there is no doubt aboit it.
the new controls are god awful, might have to send an email to support because there are so many poor decisions, I can't fit them into this review
I love 1.3, thanks you, I would like to have the old "left stick flight controls" but I'm fine with it now, no complaints about the game, keep up the good work and have a nice day :)
One of the greatest games ever
The new update messed up the controls but the gameplay is good so please change the controls
i love terraria and if im reading right the update will give back the old controlls? IF thats the casse then THANK YOU
It finally plays the official opening, I don't know about you but it gets me hyped to play. The controls feel amazing after this update, now's the time to get on if you had any hesitation!
USED to be a fun game... Now the new controls suck. Can't build or do anything!
Epic game This is if not the best survival game it is one of the best. Like the update!
You have messed up the controls so badly and it is so awful you have to freaking double slide to jump and the controls are so cramped together you accidentally hit buttons and you ruined the aim for building and the aim for weapons you used to be able to drag the right control and it would be quick and easy but now you have this retarded crosshairs this is mobile not an xbox we need better options and you need this game to be remote compatible and you have failed the controls miserably so bad
I'll add another star if you add controller support
Good game, but crashes when I'm trying to play local multiplayer.
Trash controls liked the old ones
Worth every dime. The 1.3 update is amazing.I'm still a bit confused on how multiplayer works, but other than that this is a phenomenal game.
Best Game EVER!!
I'll be completely honest, this new update sucks, straight up. The controls are impossible to use on a small screen, the menu interface is too small to read and confusing to use/navigate, and half of my minions and pets are missing. I opened my inventory to see my werewolf pet, vampire pet, fire imp staff, fairy bottle, and many other pets and minions were turned into a "golden bunny". I've had this game since before the update that allowed you to activate hardmode, and I'm really disappointed.
Love it!
It's cool, but can you implement an actual online feature that let's you join your friends worlds and not this complicated server nonsense. Look at minecraft pe, online multiplayer in that game is simple.
I have another problem re logic, sorry to bring up another one, but I cant use summoner items like the solar tablet and the lizard power cell, but thank you for fixing the flying problem and thank you for 1.3, I beat the moon lord twice!!
Nvm misunderstood 😃😃😃
Finally,after a long time.
The new update is really good, but I have to say, the new controls are a really hard to use.
Just don't use cloud for now....Until next update if there's one next (hopefully). It's a good game ya know and I finally beat duke. Well I'll be damned an update
You sdev put the controls back to normal then ill love the update
everything 1.3 has been updated , and everything is working perfectly (except for the cancerous double swipe jump)
The new controls are terrible. It takes double-sliding up on the left joystick to fly or jump, which is extremely difficult because of the sensitivity. The hotkeys often get in the way, no matter the size or location. Adjusting control layouts is limited to resizing and/or moving control quadrants. There's no longer a recipe menu, which makes crafting difficult. The tutorial is not well developed, since a player can only touch buttons to see an explanation of their basic function.
It's a great game on a small device. All the thing I remember playing on the console is now on an app. One thing I would suggest is implementing a wireless controller option to combat the new controle layout.
: )
The best
1.3 MOBILE YES!!!! finally the UPDATE that we have been waiting for 3 years has finally arrived and I couldn't enjoy even more.
I like tgis game and was having a ton of fun, but then it auto updated and the new update ruined the game. It's so hard to play and i was just getting better at the game, please make the controls simpler again and the inventory not pausing the game is constanly getting me killed.
Have you even tested the game version before you updated it in?? I want a refund. Yes, I've been waiting for this update since, but the game became more complicated (the gameplay and, especially, the controls). This has to be a mobile game, the new update would be easier if it was in pc. It's no longer fun to play. Please have a look on it. Soon. Thanks!
Words cannot describe the awesomeness of Terraria. 😘
Love this game been playing sinve the 360 launch
Gonna be honest I love this game on pc and here too. But no one can play this anymore. You have to be absolutely retarded to enjoy the new control scheme. You shouldve just kept it simple because it worked especially for mobile. I say it isnt worth buying or even playing if you own it until you have more options for the controls or just change it back entirely.
I realy dont like the new interface changes ,they just had to make it where you need a SEPRATE BUTTON TO FREAKING JUMP! Just make it a setting, and you getting to have control while your in your invitory is horible! it cruches up everything where half the time i cant figure out where my drax is in my invitory. I also dont see a use for 75% of the buttons they added, what is the use for removing the thing that helps you see where your mining. And why cand you pick what butons you want!
The controls suck the controls from before 1.3 were way better they need to fix it but otjer wise good game
Thank you for all your hard work, this was the best update to terraria ever!
Nc
Anada mastapece
I've always been a fan of Terraria and this 1.3 update for mobile is a dream come true. This game is a perfect mix of upgrading, battling, and creating. I would recommend this game to anyone and everyone.
I really love the game but I can't play right with current controls I believe if you push the left stick up once you should be able to jump or fly rather than have to do it twice because that would be difficult during a fight if this could be improved or fixed if this is not intented that would make this game amazing with the best controls for a mobile game ive seen.
Amazing! Best app ever! Should probably make creative mode but none the less it is epic :D
I love 1.3 but I think the control changes weren't necessary. All the quick options are great but it's just the press to attack, move the stick to aim and press the jump button. Way to complex. Keep it simple
Controls suck
Its like baldi's basic's AND is a horror game! Im not playing it! Cuz i gñdont have baldi as a teacher
I love this game, but personally the 1.3 update has made it almost unplayable. The controls are incredibly difficult to use. We only have two thumbs you see. Also it is impossible to see anything when underground or if it is night time, please revert this.
I like it.
Amazing in every way PERIOD.
Alright, getting used to the controls, no problemo. Theres a few problems (lighting, lag, etc) and connecting to multiplayer is a pain. Could a developer record a video of how to connect, or something? Its really confusing. Otherwise, keep up the good work! Edit: the doors being left open by monsters and NPCs are REALLY annoying! Please fix?
I have been waiting for this update for a VEEEERRRRRYYY long time and I was thrilled it came out but the controls have been ruined. Terraria if you read this set the controls back to normal
Doesn't let me sign in to Google play plz add that feature back will give 5 star
The update has finally come, but the controls are too complicated and things like 'the spirits of light and dark have been released' are delayed. Edit: there is a glitch where the lunatic cultist doesn't spawn when you use a teleporter to teleport one of the other lunatic things and kill them. I accidentally saved my most important world like that and now it's screwed. Please help me.
It is working now thank you for fixing it it is a good game now.
The jump and the hit buton is really annoying in the new uptade
best game i have ever played 5 stars all the way👍
Unplayable. The new controls are horrible.
Awsome
It was a great game before you redid the controls... It's so hard to play with the new controls, because you can't move it faster and it is too small to touch. The new way to build is weird and u can mess up at anytime. I demand a settings which is "Use the old controls" or be able to relocate each buttons and not the whole section. The only thing that is good, is the new stuffs and bosses. The controls is the reason I must give this game a 1 star
I like the old controls bring them. Back I hate the way you change the controls.. Please make changes or add the old controls back I wanna play with the controls I'm used to using!!
New update new gameplay new controls?! THIS GAME IS AWSOME!!
Im so glad 1.3 was able to run on my phone (about 10 - 20 fps so thats good) but when i play between10 and 20 min the game quits by itself so i would be happy to rate 5 stars if problem is fixed. Also some controler support please and thank you!😄
Its awesome been playing mobile fo a little while. Ever since new update been hoping onto it a lot more. It's good for youtube too.
W-woah, when I was playing, I got a rare boss, it was Psycho Jimlet! He took my rare item and then RAN! But still the game is good!
My favorite game for years love the 1.3 on mobile!!
FINALLY!! The much needed update is here, everything is almost how i want it. Even the controls UI have been fiddled with and is much more bareable. The only thing i can fault this game on is the fact it does NOT support gamepads. Most other games support it so why can you guys do it? All in all 4.8/5 from me. Well done. And keep up with the updates please.
Its an amazing game but needs more bosses
best update!!!
This was a good and challenging game prior to the newest version/update. I'm grateful that you can now play with your phone flipped around. There are some nice additions in the new version. However, the new combat system is horrible. This game overall is ruined for me. Is there any way to get the previous version? Besides finding an apk online I mean. So disappointed right now.
Hmm more interesting but you know the control is more difficult to control it because that change or maybe i haven't familiar yet with that
Cant wait to try it here I come
You made Terraria a hundred times better
Ich brauche hilfe wenn ich meine Welt starte stürtz das ganze Spiel ab. Seitdem kann ich nicht mehr in die Welt rein was soll ich jetzt machen? (S8) danke schonmal
The CONTROLS SUCK SO BAD THAT I CANT PLAY NO MORE PLEASE FIX THIS😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😞😞😞😖i miss the old controls😭😭😭😢
Its very fun the controls are different but its good
This game is amazing!
super upset about the new update, it feels like theyre trying to fit all the PC features into the mobile one and the interface is just not intuitive at all like the old one. it would be great if we could pick either one set of controls or the other, or at least pick and choose what features we want. used to play the game a lot but if my fingers cant reach all the super tiny buttons then thats not fun :(
This is a really great game, it offers fun bosses and a great adventure. But when this update came out all we needed and wanted were more features. Not a new button layout that can't be customized enough and a bunch of buttons that are impossible to use, if you have average size thumbs. This update is great but I wish the controls were the same 2 joysticks from previous updates. Other than that this update is a breathe of fresh air into a game that was going stale.
Love this game
Thank you for updating the game.
Da hell did cloud saves go 0/10 awful game
YOU DELETED MY DATA 10 TIMES IN A ROW!!!!!!!!
1.3！！！！！！
nice
Can you please please please make itso you dont half to fight the 3 mechanical bosses and planterra just to open up the biome chests please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please! :(:(:(:(!!!!!!!!!
I love this new update and I'm so excited to beat this gave to a pulp (in a good way) but I do wonder will you add Journeys end to this version to terraria and is it possible for you to have cross platform? Overall I love this game thank you for making it mobile.
I love the game, but I hate the new controls. I cant do anything correct anymore. The inventory is ok, but I cant play for more than a minute without leaving. I like the update but I would like an option for the old control's and inventory. That's all I would like. 4 stars because I love the game. Thank you.
Thank you for fixing the bug I reported, now I can get down to business. Keep up the great work.
Finally... 1.3 i was one of the first 100 people to propably install 1.3.0.7
This is the best game ever.i love the beam sword but I can't get a yo-yo. Edit: its been so many years now and the 1.3 update came out :) now that new bosses from pc have been added, i can have a better experience while playing :D
Worth The 3-4 Year Wait For The 1.3.0.7 Android Update
Oh my g** holy cow 1.3 IS HERE OMG OMG FINALLY!!!
Funest game ever
Awesome game so addicting, disappointing that there is still no controller support but the 1.3 update is amazing
I have played this game for so long, and love it. I have been waiting years for this update, and have been so excited for it to arrive. However, the new update is causing so many more problems for me than before it. Flying while fighting is terrible, the cursor cannot extend out far at all, and fishing doesn't work. Also, when I was checking out the new update, I started playing with my device at 100% battery. In just half an hour, it went down to 5%. Not good. Please fix this game.
I love it but when they updated the controls it became harder to play Plz change the controls
Hoorah 1.3 finally exsists for mobile
Bad controls.
Its so much better now
Great Job on 1.3, would like to be able to move all of the buttons individually and disable some buttons, as I don't use all of them.
Literally the best game i have probably ever played 5 stars
Major lag spikes making game unplayable.also my controls randomly get stuck when I'm playing so I can't control it properly.
The update changed EVERYTHING for the worst. It was SUPER easy to get into the old way. This is confusing and hard to fire your weapon or even jump if your used to the old way like I am. Update was trash! Need to go back to the older controls for sure! It was made easier for mobile than what it is now.
The wait has ended
when the world was finaly loadet i didnt even want to play anymore
I never post reviews but this deserves one, pls fix the 1.3 controls they are horrible or at least give the option for the old controls
Amazing. I've always loved this game, update is amazing. 😄
The controls are the worst in 1.3 update you can't even jump without pressing the jump button
Great adventure game to play whenever I recommend 8/10
Love this game! Mobile veteran and love the new slick look and feel of the controls. One thing I don't like the jump button, it messes me up because I'm use to the stick jump and makes it harder for me to run jump and fight and slaughter enemy's and bosses.
I love it its one best game i ever had since in my ps3 but is it me or what but when u gi to caves is really dark because the old version u could still see i litte bit of but but this new one is dark.
Totaly worth the wait i can finally play the full version i thought you guys forgot a bout the game but nope thx so much devs
The Hero of all the things you said he was. The internet is not working properly so I can weld the car for the first time in my life I have been asking about it for years but my Dad always said that I was too busy for a few mindless people in the theater and you'll be able to make it to the meeting tomorrow night and I will be gone from my house and I will be there at the same time as the one you sent from the traveling and I will check tomorrow and let you know if you have money for me
I cannot believe this was released without controller support.
Glad to see the new update
Very good but it's a bit hard to remember the jump button in the new update they should switch it back to the movement stick. Other than that very good.
I love the game, always have. With the 1.3 update, I was surprised that jumping with the left stick was removed without a way to change it back. That really is my only complaint, but it's a HUGE complaint. Don't get the idea that it ruined the update, I haven't given it much time yet. But if you see this review, please consider making the jump button optional. Other than that, it's always been a great game, and still is.
More addictive than alcohol
I have been waiting for a while but it was worth it and its so much fun thank you so much devs you have made this game on mobile just perfect.
Still the most lovable game that you can play with the feeling of a sandbox game
I can't believe it, I have loved you guys and this game since I was 12 and I've stuck with this game and am turning 17 soon, I just wrapped up the livestream series of 1.1.9 I believe but don't quote me. It feels good to be moving on but it hurts since I don't get my werewolf anymore or my bat friend. I just want to say thank you for your game, thank you for your efforts, just straight up thank you, I was probably the only one to stream 1.1.9 and now we let the stage fade to black, Thank you.😏
Great game but as for most of these kinds of games, the computer counterpart is better.
Now there is another book where I defeat the Wall of Flesh but it doesn't say the ancient Souls of light and dark have been released and why I try to save it it doesn't let me it's stuck on setting hard mode I mean bug so I can't get to hardmode I am very sad please fix:-( also the crashing bug is still there :-(
First update controles where ok but the new controls are absolutely trash i can even shoot and fly at the same time and the building was bether befor then now to
Trash controls bout to go download the old version
The new upgrade is a bit much. Feels like Homer's car design. Would you consider making the old version available for fat fingered luddites like me, who can't be bothered with the tiny new interface? Also "No Hobo"? Way to alientate a bunch of yr users. It's not 2005, folks...
good game and everything but you cant choose your difficulty so it makes the game worse plus you can not get the corruption!
amazing but needs more inventory space
Overall, this is an amazing game. There are some glitches.
Why can't I access my Google Account?
Alas after all this time we finaly see 1.3 for mobile, and its brilliant. Terraria is forever one of my favorite games. I wish the junping would go back to normal though.
good
Awesome adventure game!!
i like it,s worth it. But the controls are ehh
Really great and fun game, but the new controlls suck. I want the old ones back.
Wonderful game
Update more lmao
1.3's out!!! I love the addition to the equipment and new items, but the controls are a bit too much, imo. Like, I don't think I can build anymore, Charlie.
Awesome game! Wish I could still have auto jump though.
Impossible to play now 😣 Don't care much for the jump button.. or the design in general.. 😔
This is one of my favorite mobile game of all time.. Now that we got 1.3 update, my life is finally complete....
When I first got the app, I thought it would basically be 2D minecraft, but boy was I wrong. It has so much more detail and so much diversity! Now here I am, 1 year later and I'm pretty good at the game now. Thanks so much Re-logic and the entire dev team! You have made my life complete!
Good
Yes , finally 1.3 has been realised, cant wait to play it , I have it on pc too
Just remove the jump button.
Hate the new update for the controls. Why isn't there an option to keep it the same as previous or switch to new controls? Game uninstalled because of this, thanks.
Only negative is the loss of my old saves.
good game every person should play terraria
omg Finally THE UPDATE!
Love this game, ever since 1.3 came out the bosses have never been easyer to fight
I can deafeat moonlord!!! Thankyou!!!
Thanks for the quick update for controler, now the controler use smooth and i can enjoy my game againt , great job
Hey, everything is great except the controls. I cannot control flight direction and shoot because jump/fly is now independent of direction. In addition, holding down the weapon button swings a melee weapon only once. Guns still work fine though... The directional jump/fly issue is a real dealbreaker. i could not find any way to change the controls to that extent. Please allow for more flexibility in controls. thanks for a wonderful game!
Lots of amazing content with a huge amount of replayability. The new 1.3 update is amazing, the controls are now much better.
Couldn't jump in Please make some
Controls need some adjustment. Mb add a function to edit individual buttons instead of whole blocks. But otherwise, worth the waiting. Keep it up.
Fantastic game worth every penny i love the new update the controls take getting used to im still learning and figuring it out but great job guys 1 of a kind game made so much better with the update
The 1.3 upd is here. But my i dont have the 1,3 upd yet. I dunno why i was so excited To play 1.3 but it wont let me. Please give me an awnser soon!
IT'S OUT!!!!!!! I've been waiting a year for this!
Autopause doesn't work in the inventory, the movement stick can't jump anymore, there's no cofing button for auto placement and they took out the google play games' cloud save. Not feeling the update anymore
OH MY GAH the app is amazing!!! ALSO thanks for giving us a option to cap the frame rate! so many games don't do that and it's annoyng :D
This game is great but they need to improve the controllers, and I know they will
About time 1.3 comes out but the controls I'm not a fan of and I've got a good 24hrs of practice on it
OMG!!!you finally updated,it worth that I waiting
The game is really amazing why still no accessories vanity?
Its been a while.. WOW, WORTH THE WAIT!!
I love the game, but after the latest updatei cant access my cloud saves and ive just changed phones, this means ive lost months of work which i cant access again, also, new controls are awful, was better how it was on older updates
It's a great game, but there is one major bug. Whenever you have a weapon with a modification and it comes out of your inventory and into the overworld, it loses that mod. This is especially harrowing because you can accidentally drop a weapon with a great modifier. Fix this, and it's a 10/10.